 	user feedback 	(my second time through this survey so i can provide more feedback) as a performer, the most useful tool for this is a way to intuitively navigate between all the sounds and “freestyle” in real time. i’d like to be able to see the beat machine and main navigation interface on the same screen, in order to more freely explore combining sounds together with the beat. being able to rapidly change between sounds as gestures while working with the beat would make this a much more compelling and inspiring artistic tool. additionally, being able to play with the sounds outside of the context of a beat machine would open the usage more to experimental/contemporary classical performers who wouldn’t to be confined to a rhythmic grid. 	a mom checking it out for my kids who are make music and films. 	a search function would be nice. 	about time 	adding a feature that allows for using the sample for longer could add to the fun when remixing. (for example, it would be fun to have the option of letting b b king say a few words - in addition to chopping it all up.) aside from that, everything was pretty intuitive. a truly brilliant way to promote loc collections. 	amazing site! thank you for putting it together. it's so much fun, and a fantastic way to explore some classic beats and remix the sonic history of the united states. it's only my first visit, and it's already been a huge source of inspiration for me! 	amazing work! 	amazing. truly amazing. 	are there any license-free samples available in the archive of a physician injecting disinfectant into a patient? (c'mon i was just being sarcastic) 	as a big fan of hip-hop who's super fascinated by the art of sampling this is an amazing feat. 	as a dj and a technically proficient person, i feel like the user experience should have been more intuitive for me, but it definitely was not intuitive at all. 	as a dj/producer i'm always looking for new sounds and inspiration. this is a great tool for doing that. 	at one point i did lose all of the mixing controls on chome. 	attorney 	awesome idea! if you need me, i'll be here. thanks!! 	awesome library of content. the remix feature is cool for coming up with quick ideas. would be cool if there were filters that let you find certain kinds of sounds. like "children's voices" or "pianos". 	beatmaker looking for samples 	better navigation and labels for interviews and speeches. i must look around more. 	brilliant resource, such a beautiful collaboration between music and history. this has the potential to inspire a whole new wave of sampling in modern tracks. 	brilliant! 	can you show how you created the beats for a given source? 	clearly label each button and tool tips explaining the function. 	cool. 	culinary educator 	curious and at home bored. saw this from ny times front page so thought i would check it out. 	data/technology enthusitst 	digital librarian % interest in this project and a hobbyist musician looking for fun beat machines 	dj 	dj, producer, remixer 	dj/producer 	do you have any more feedback you'd like to share about your experience with citizen dj today? 	dope! 	dope! would love to be able to lengthen the loops 	elementary school student 	enjoy simple to use music and sample making w/out any software 	excited to see what happens with this project. citizen dj could be used in many different situations such as after school programs, community centers, schools, music therapy, and rehab programs. thank you brian foo and library of congress! 	finding the original interview of b.b. king was the least intuitive. went to the browse and download page, viewed the collection on the loc website, searched for b.b. king. got an interview, but i wasn't sure it was the interview that's on the citizen dj website. 	firstly, let me again say how amazed at the effort it would have taken to put this resource together in such a usable and creative way. i would like to know if it is possible to offer the sample packs and full recordings in a higher quality than mp , if you have them. preferably uncompressed lossless wav files at least bit k. i operate at bit k, and my broadband connection is fast, so the additional bandwidth is no issue for me. 	for me, my browser (safari) would only play the sounds if i click my mouse and scrolled simultaneously. a better option would be to browse the sounds without clicking so that wherever i drag my mouse/cursor, with no click, audio would play. it is also hard to do when you are only using a mousepad. also, the option to download the "beat" as a whole (vocal sample and drums) would be great as a quick reference point for later instead of downloading individual files to piece them together later. also, the "record" button function is nonfunctional. outside of that, this is great. thank you for your hard work. 	for music producers this site doesn't have your typical flow. for example, when the user clicks on an area in the achieve it was annoying to have to scroll to the bottom and click on "play in context." there should be an option like a double click to automatically play in context. this will speed up the workflow for finding samples to use. i did like the remix are where i could sequence everything. that was right on point with like fl studio. i'm an adult who is also a college professor, but i could imagine that a year old would love the sequencer especially if they do not have the resources to pay for a logic pro or fl studio. i'd be happy to discuss this further with you all as i have more insights but it is too much to type. you can reach me at [pii redacted] 	from someone who has made music professionally for years and owns gigabites worth of samples, this is an incredible resource. the search function and breadth of collection and clip organization is mind blowing. thank you for this, i can't wait to dive in more. 	fun interface, astounding amount of material 	fun! 	girl 	gorgeous interface intuitive, attractive, useful fun 	great job on this! this is a fantastic use of library resources to make public domain materials available in a way that is relevant and exciting. 	great website! i really like the music concrete approach. i would use the clips in my daw. is it also possible to just select clips in 'explore' window and download these? (so i could make a long c with all c-clips for instance, yes it's gets me triggered). thanks again, and keep up this great work. 	high school edm maker 	i am [pii redacted] 	i am a dj 	i am a hs music teacher that teachers beat production in brooklyn. not sure what i expected to see when i came here, but this wasn't it. i am sharing my feedback not to be negative or attacking of your hard work, but as an experienced teacher who i am guessing is probably part of your target audience. i know from working with many software companies through the years, feedback matters. so here it goes... take it for what you will. the first explore page was frustrating. found myself wanting to control the length of the sample immediately. all samples of the same length was really frustrating. they were all too short. i understand that ease of use, device, and access matters here, but i wonder if there is a way to control the length of the chosen sample by the length of time you hold it? the remix page was a little more interesting just in terms of pure sound, but with little to no clear control it left me wondering why these sounds were any different than anything i would use and tweak in a daw. why take the extra step? perhaps for very young or very inexperienced students to get immediate feedback/gratification in beat making, but i can accomplish this in a daw and then take it further. the ability to locate the original recording was useful and it got me thinking about using these resources, but i think i would just go immediately to the loc catalog and bypass this interface. i know i am just a tiny one of many that might use this, but i would love to see a more integrated experience where students/users are drawn into the sounds based on the person/story/history behind them. then able to explore and chop the sounds, ending in being placed in a beat grid. one possible example is the record/slice function of the app yellofier. there is much potential here and i have no doubt it is a massive undertaking to figure out how to successfully make it available. to me as an educator in this day and age, it is so important to design experiences that have multiple facets and are not just one dimensional. connecting the sounds to source and history is vital. i understand that in crate digging the point was the sample, but diggers also learned a ton about musicians and history by reading all of this info. i know it is all here, but this first iteration doesn't immediately motivate me to explore that possibility. just my cents. 	i am an electronic musicisn 	i am very excited for the future of this website and hope it opens many more opportunities for the world of sound. i hope that one day it can encompass a "world" sound library compiling all of the nations sonic histories into one free and easy to use database for people like myself. 	i couldn't figure out how to add multiple sounds. 	i couldn't figure out how to put more than one sound together in one mix. i found in the first task, but they were all separate mixes. 	i couldn't figure out how to save the works from the player. i believe i missed that part of the demo. but, the demo was very helpful and informative. i am not certain i could have negotiated the site without having watched it. thanks, great resource! 	i did this test using a phone and it worked pretty well. one issue i had is that when you’re on the browsing page with the big visual, you have to be very careful when scrolling down the page tbecause you have it you can’t scroll with your finger on the sound picker. you have to put your finger right below reach the options and controls. otherwise you will accidentally hit another sign. another issue i have is that i couldn’t figure out how to simply search for a sound rather than getting that visual screen which you just have to click on randomly. i tried to hit the export button and then it took me to the general collection page but that was in a different window and didn’t connect to the mixer. so i went back to the mixer and just hit different sounds and till i found one that was cool. here is one if my samples http://citizendj.labs.loc.gov.s -website-us-east- .amazonaws.com/loc-variety-stage/remix/?itemid= &itemstart= &drumname=akai% mpc&patternname= s% new% wave% pattern% a% % b % d 	i enjoy cool technology for music 	i had a lot of fun exploring! i do wish some of the clips were longer - a bit of melody, or a whole word or two - and i spent a bit of time looking for more options on the remix page, like selecting and adding specific drums or additional samples. i didn't find any, which is fine, especially since this is more of a discovery tool than a production tool, but it could be helpful to clarify what exactly the options on that page are and what you can/can't do. 	i have more respect for people who can make beats that are interesting to listen too. 	i have used other tools like this and almost all of them lets the user download the beat as a mid file. ok, it's not hard to recreate the beat in a daw, but still it takes some extra time. 	i just like to look at cool stuff online 	i just wish i could more easily share what i created but it seems like you'll be fine-tuning that later. 	i kept wanting to drag around the gorgeous mosaic visualization of the sounds and losing the sample i wanted. then, though, i came to understand how the remix tool worked--it wasn't so much about combining the samples with each other as seeing how each could work with beats. (and be worked with itself) 	i like sampling 	i like tinkering with images and sound 	i like to make beats using samples 	i literwlly didn’t understand what to do on this site one bit, even with the instructions. i think its a very valuable resource, but maybe a tad bit too complicated for those who are unfamiliar with the loc site. 	i love music that uses sampling 	i love the color gradients when browsing sounds. 	i love the idea of whats being created here. the concept is bound for success if the mechanics of the website become more fluid and user friendly. keep up the good work! 	i love the search mechanisms. it's intuitive and i hope this platform continues to develop and improve. i've used vocal snippets in my professional recordings before so this is right up my alley. thanks for doing this! 	i love this! truly one of the coolest things on the internet!!! 	i make hip hop beats with samples. this is a very useful database 	i make music 	i make music and see a bunch of potential for incorporating found sounds into a variety of compositions. 	i need to explore the site more before giving feedback! 	i needed more explicit instructions as to how to create, although during this survey, i did not access the usage guide. 	i really enjoy the site. thank you so very much for the effort involved to publish this site! 	i really enjoyed this - i love dialects and accents so that library of sounds is a delight! 	i really like it. it does need to improve a lot more before producers like me can come here and take music but i believe it can reach more producers like me. 	i really like this idea and hope that it really grows. if it is possible to get the step sequencer to function more like the mpc i think that would take this project to a totally different level. i love this idea as a whole though. 	i really really enjoy it, maybe make it so we could like bookmark, but good job!! 	i really think this is a great tool this will inspire a lot of people. thanks!!! 	i run a sound archive and am intrigued in the use of old sound in music of today and how it's created 	i said i wouldnt tell ppl about it because im selfish and want it all to myself haha. i should have strongly recommend 	i so thankful for the ability to have classic music that i can play with. 	i studied american copyright law in in college in pursuit of a music business degree. 	i support you. 	i think it's a really cool concept especially the way the sound is displayed and filtered through. i especially love how you're exposing researchers and people interested in music into these collections. i appreciate the brief overview video. i love the combining of old with new. one question i have with being able to make your own beats in the browser, is it possible to download the sound you created while playing with the browser. i love the innovativeness behind this project but beyond the display of sound and connecting them to the finding aids. i am just curious if the ability to download what you created in the browser is an upcoming feature if not id' like to suggest it. i think it would enhance the usage of this project, it would also allow teachers to show younger generations how they can create these sounds that they hear from their favorite musicians. and as for outreach in terms of the loc it'd be a great digital make and take which i think would help expose this project to more and make it a little bit more tangible than just having your favorite software to "use the sounds" 	i think the sequencer could be more powerful. tempo/time signature per track, retriggers, velocity for starters. it would also be cool if you could modify the sounds in some rudimentary way, change the playback speed/pitch, multimode filter. most importantly, i think there should be an easier way to change the sample on individual tracks. 	i think this is an incredible tool that in its application captures part of the essence and do-it-yourself origins of hip hop. the potential of this as a tool to produce music is limitless. i am very excited to spend more time exploring it further. i found it very intuitive and easy to use. fantastic work, thank you. 	i think this site is fantastic and a necessary tool to revive a style of music that is nearly dying out in the face of copyright law. i think the grid view of sounds is cool to play with and look at, but i would like an alternative browser with categories perhaps. my favorite part of the site are the copyright free sample packs. as a hiphop producer i've been searching the internet for this sort of thing for years and it's fantastic to finally have access to something of this scale. i hope for more sounds in the future! thank you for this. 	i think this site is pretty amazing and am impressed at the amount of work it must have taken to construct. 	i think what you have done here is amazing. the implementation is phenomenally good. i hope it gets the attention it deserves. someone needs to send this to gotye, will.i.am, and a heap of other artists. 	i tried this out yesterday on my phone. it is definitely easier to use and understand on my laptop. i still have questions about the functionality of doing the actual mixes, like extending lengths of the loops, but it's pretty great. i remixed eleanor roosevelt. 	i was confused about how to bring in different sound recordings into the different tracks. i was trying to find multiple voices to use on different tracks but that didn't seem to be an option. 	i was disappointed to see that most files seem to be at a very low bitrate, around kbps. that's a much lower quality than i would use for anything professional. wav or flac would make me much more likely to use the site, but even kbps mp s would be huge improvement. 	i was personally looking for more drum kit samples, like different bass drum sounds than the stock akai mpc, linndrum, etc. 	i was unable to figure out how to search for particular sounds, music or keywords, such as "train" or "gunga din". the explore tab is visually impressive but i cannot view the title of a track without holding the mouse down, which also scrolls the view, it was almost impossible to find something with it outside of scrolling randomly. 	i wasn't sure if i could combine multiple samples into the same remix. 	i wish there was a way to embed the attribution into the audio file. maybe aif files should be used for hi-res with embedding meta. that way the meta is always connected. this is an excellent resource. it was extremely intuitive to use. i'm a music tech professor and will be sharing your site with my students. thank you, [pii redacted] 	i wonder if sample tracks could be shared or featured in on the site - just to give people a taste of the range of what could be possible? thanks for the chance to try this out - it's really amazing and makes me value library of congress collections even more 	i work at loc 	i work in a nonprofit setting creating content for parents of young children and early childhood educators 	i would like the clips to be longer. 	i'd like to give input on the mixing editor and the sound search functionality if possible. i am well versed in beat and music making and i believe a few suggestions could simplify the user experience. feel free to contact me: [redacted] 	i'd suggest a guided tour for people who may not be technologically savvy. 	i'm a beat maker looking for new sounds to sample 	i'm a college professor, looking for sounds and music that i can use when making video/audio class materials. 	i'm a digital archivist from national archives australia, but also a hobbyist musician 	i'm a dj and a web programmer 	i'm a dj that doesn't have time to learn a drum machine or a sampler and this tool gives me everything so easily, i scratch on the drums and the samples and the result is far beyond my hopes 	i'm a hobbyist digital (tool/game)maker 	i'm a hobbyist looking for material. 	i'm a hobbyist with a strong interest in the creation of hip-hop-influenced music 	i'm a new york times subscriber who came from there 	i'm a poet and spoken word artist and an amateur musician. 	i'm a school teacher-librarian. 	i'm not sure if i should even have access to this page - it was shared on a fb group page - but i really like how easy it is to audition samples. the playability is high and i love it. some feedback: visually, the sample browsing looks great compared to the sequencer page. i didn't understand how the samples were organised until i went back and watched the video! there is an emphasis on microsamples - is that the word for very short samples? personally i found the emphasis a bit heavy - samples a bit short. makes navigating hard. also you find a sample but when you go to remix it, it doesn't necessarily relate to the other parts of the sample. in browsing, click and drag is fine but it would be nice if you could just click anywhere on the page as well and trigger that sample. once you've found a sound it's hard to play it again. clicking inside the little box seemed only to work sometimes. in the sequencer mode, if you change the time of one of the samples, all the others change too. it would be nice if you could have different samples - i mean different samples from different sources. so you could mix a few different samples together. really good work though. you probably need to do an app as well!!! i make interactive stuff, if you want to get in contact you can reach me [pii redacted] thanks! 	i've been trying for years to learn how to use a music production software. i usually get overwhelmed with how big that task really is; citizen dj, even in this early stage, has provided me a framework for me to identify where to start and how to continue my learning journey. thank you so much for creating this project, and i've already recommended it to two people i know that already produce music. i've bookmarked this page and will continue to utilize it. thank you again. 	im a bedroom producer and media student 	im not really into steo editing myself,but i did find a bunch of cool sounds that i downloaded. will be loading these up into my mpc. this is a wonderful idea as its not always that easy to find copyright free music to sample. cant wait for the full site to go live, verymuch looking forward to it. 	ima balla 	incredible idea! i'm looking forward to the launch of the full site this summer! 	interested in creating music 	is it possible to have the remix program offline or as a software where i can put my drums and my other samples in folders and they would simply appear as items i can select (like it is already but with personnal samples banks)? for someone like me who doesn't need something too advanced, it's really the best i could have ever imagined to start making a beat and using it immediately 	is there a search function to know, for example, what artists are available? also, when i downloaded the file it was a .wav, but it would not open in adobe audition or itunes and it would not play from my finder window on my mac. thanks and good luck. 	it exciting to explore 	it feels like there is a universe of possibilities, looking forward to exploring more. 	it is a good website if you are just starting to learn how to dj, but the sound libraries should have a search function. 	it took me a while to see how hip hop is tied to the sounds available on citizen dj. 	it was fun and i think my husband and daughters will enjoy exploring the new sounds and beats they can create. 	it was much cooler than i even imagined it would be when i was listening to the story on the radio about it this morning. 	it would be nice to be able to: a) change samples individually b) sample more than one thing at a time 	it would be really cool to pick multiple sounds to mix at the same time 	it's a lovely idea and a beautiful expression of the idea. thank you! 	it's fantastic! 	it's fun. although i know i can download longer samples and use them with tools outside of the website, it'd also be fun to have longer samples to play with on the website as well. 	just curious 	just polish the user interface and make it more user-friendly and less " 's webpage" looking, if you want to reach a wider audience. also being able to download samples when in explore mode would be cool. for me is fine though!! 	keep up the awesome work! this is a treasure trove. 	keep up the good work! exploring citizen dj has been, by a wide margin, the coolest thing i've done all day. 	keep up the good work. this is an amazing tool and it's a perfect time for the world to have access to it. 	library of congress employee and wanted to check out this new tool. 	library of congress staff member 	like music, and playing with sound 	like the scrubber screen. would be nice to save/record the results of the player. maybe a little help there. 	looks good. can't wait for it to go live 	love it! 	love it! so many sounds to use in music! thank you! 	main issue for me was that browsing the music felt hard to do. click and holding to move around and play sounds felt less intuitive than just hovering to get the info then clicking to play. plus, when you click and hold over a sound, the "camera" (so to speak, the screen?) keeps moving so you start to drift to different sounds. i found it easier to just use the drop down menus on the remix page. 	make the interface a little more intuitive and you're set! 	make website more user friendly such as the colored sample map have samples from the same song clumped together 	media professional 	moooooooooooooore of this. % love it. 	more content in other languages 	more help files on the pages, or tutorials, would be very helpful! the bedrock concept is fantastic. 	musician 	n/a 	na 	navigating the sample grid/field by dragging is a little clunky. other than that, great job! 	no i enjoyed it but it seemed like a more complex garage band. 	no tips for improvement, just wanted to say congratulations on a job well done, this is a great site that i will be recommending to friends. 	no, cool idea though. 	non-creative type likes messing w/stuff 	none 	not today,but perhaps at a later time after more experimentation. 	nothing other than to expand the collection of even more samples and sounds. this is really, really, cool. 	once i spend more time on the side i think i’ll be able to utilize it better. 	one issue i had was that when using the "record" function on the remix tool, i found that all my .wav files had a length of : and contained no audio. it is possible i need to adjust some kind of settings in my browser or hardware settings, but ultimately, i was unable to create a recording using the built-in record tool. 	please continue this and release more. this is fantastic! 	rarely encountered mix of informative and fun! 	really enjoy citizen dj. it's great to have all these sounds available for use, and i plan to use this service for music i am working on. it is easy to navigate, save going back to the page that shows the different sound catalogues. clicking the citizen dj logo in top right takes me there, but it was unclear to me how to go back to that screen once i was in the "remix" tab. thanks! 	really impressed with the remix tool! the collection of beats and drum machines, coupled with the selected chops of the recordings, was just amazing! 	seems the system got stuck near the end with these questions. 	should be able to record the sound of browsing the tagged collection grid 	some more organization such as searching and browsing categories of sounds and one hits. also an easier way to go back to a previously found recording 	studying to be a k- art educator 	teaching arts (especially hip hop) remotely 	thank you 	thank you for doing this (from jaijaii almighty on soundcloud) 	thank you for the hard work... 	thank you for this very cool project. as a year old man, it’s great to find new tools and sources of inspiration. 	thank you kindly for this platform. 	thank you library of congress for hitting it out of the ballpark with citizen dj! ever since i picked up a copy of the history of hayward, ca. in rd grade, i've been fascinated with the past. it started with my hometown, spread like wildfire from there. lately, i've been reading bancroft's history of california, and i am at the part where gold is just about to be discovered. 	thank you. 	the "explore" section was very difficult to use. sound selection was very difficult to navigate and zeroing in on something usable was nearly impossible. the look of the section was very interesting, but it doesn't seem very helpful in its current incarnation. 	the concept is not super clear; you need a or minute intro/explainer video that lays it out and gives examples. i would have liked to have a search feature in addition to the browsing, so i could look for sounds like "banjo" or "brass band". maybe provide a way for people to share the things they make. 	the explore tool is endlessly fascinating. don’t lose it. its a very unique way to hear so many sounds very quickly. loved it! 	the information at the bottom of the remix area is confusing to read 	the main interface where you can navigate by scrolling through all the samples is compelling, however if i hear a sample i like it is very difficult to find it again because they all look so similar. if this app were to be used in live performance, a way to navigate through these sounds in real-time and achieve a predictable result is more artistically engaging to me than the multi-track feature. 	the quick intro video really helped. i'm still figuring out how to add more sounds to the mix, but i love this as an entry point to the locs collection and how easy it is to get to the full source. thank you!! i'm a high school librarian and have been working with our music teachers during this time of distance learning. i think there's something here for them to use with students. thank you!! 	the remix app itself is disappointing to me- the inability to sustain samples longer than half a second, as well as the lack of control over the drum samples and specific samples, makes it feel clunky. but the exploration tab is wonderful for finding samples to use in a more advanced daw, and i'll definitely use that for samples in the future even if the remix app never improves in ways i want. 	the sample remixer that is built into the website is a bit basic, but is plenty to test out samples before downloading them to use in my own daw. great resource for finding material! 	the samples in "explore" section are cut into such short bits, and i found the lay out of a million little daw audio snippets to be confusing at first and not a good way to just look at samples. a text list with descriptions would be way easier to look at and understand intuitively. over all the site seems like it is aimed at people who have not worked with sampling before, like an educational tool for kids interested in sampling. if thats the idea than its cool, but sort of limited as an educational tool on sampling as well. this is a really cool idea though. to taylor to people familiar with sampling itd be great if it were possible to just easily search and preview in the browser, with a link to download the samples that you want to use. instrumentation would be the most useful query tag. if you need someone to tag and organize, [pii redacted] 	the shortness of clips surprised me at first until i saw what was going on. it might be nice someday to let users choose what segments they want to be in those clips, but this was fun and weird. i liked seeing the linn and drums in there, and all the beat patterns. can't wait to hear some vaudeville creeping into hip hop... : ) 	the site is amazing. i would like to see more diverse sound libraries in the future. thank you very much 	the site was challenging for me to get around but that's probably because i'm not a musician. most of what i came across was confusing to me. i suppose for someone who understood music making might be able to better get something out of it. 	the task system stopped working on mobile while performing the second task, the show button stopped working. 	the user experience could heightened if we are able to bookmark samples for later use. also, the addition of a search tool would be great. 	the user interface is accurate and functional, but could use some improvements for making it a little more intuitive. the drum machine page seems to lack a way to exit the solo mode. it may have been there, but it was not easy to find. i ended up navigating away from the page to solve the issue. overall a very good experience using the site. 	there needs to be more filtering options, or a key word search in the filters to help narrow the sounds down. there also needs to be a way to sort the sounds in the picture grid as at a glance it seems to be pretty haphazard 	there should be more options for exporting the creations that get built here. 	this is a great concept! i'm a huge fan of the early "sampling days" of hip-hop. sadly (yet understandably) copyright infringement killed the artform... this library could resurrect it. the website navigation is a bit cumbersome. a simple 'search' feature would be useful. the scrub feature is very random... probably good for glitch sounds, but not useful for discovering specific content. i look forward to the continued development of this idea. thank you! 	this is a great idea! categories can be useful to find specific sounds or types of sounds 	this is a great project! i felt a little overwhelmed using the browse function (moving through the sounds on the grid) because i couldn't easily stop on certain sounds and my cursor was scrolling wildly through them at one point. i wanted to be able to click and "stay" on a sound, and also be able to listen without clicking the "listen in context" button. i also found browsing using metadata rather roundabout (when attempting to do the b.b. king exercise i was asked to do). why no search bar to make this straightforward? since i was already inside the browser, i couldn't easily figure out which collection was most likely to feature b.b. king (the names didn't really give it away). it wasn't a huge challenge, just required retracing my steps a little bit, but i couldn't figure out a super easy way to navigate this and i assume that's the goal for users? 	this is a great resource! i can seem myself using this in my high school classroom. 	this is a great resource. even better is if you can have some type of tracklib integration at some point... 	this is a great tool that can be used to create some unique music, if people know about it and can find it. 	this is a incredible project. i can see it breathing new life into old recordings much the way hip hop did with sampling in the s and early s. i look forward to exploring citizen dj's content and capabilities more in the future. 	this is a phenomenal resource. congratulations! i can't wait to fold it into my creative work and scholarship. 	this is a tremendously exciting demo! a few things i especially liked: - the high-level find-a-sample-in-the-pile screen (great way to handle having a lot of material without any particular idea of what you're seeking or what's in there) - the drum sample + beat-pattern selector (this goes kinda above & beyond what i was expecting) - the per-sample tool to tweak the duration & volume (i would love a way to tweak the start-offset too) a few things i was hoping to see that i didn't find: - a way to "remix" using samples from multiple sources - a way to build collections/folders of samples from various sources (ideally so i can just batch-download (& get the source credits), but really just any way to easily find a sample i liked again would be great) - a few illustrative samples/previews of maybe what to expect per "library"(?) on the first screen - a quick overview of what's what, and what the flow looks like and as an aside, i got a bit annoyed by the samples i'd found / remixed getting lost between tasks. no hard feelings--i know this is a demo/test--i just thought that getting annoyed really demonstrated how much i like what you can already do with this tool. nice work! er, one last thing to note--a minor bug: the cursor occasionally jumps to the end of this textarea when i'm editing an earlier line. not sure what's up with that. 	this is amazing, congratulations. 	this is an amazing tool! in particular, i really like the visual explore mode which provides a whole new (and more efficient) way of browsing samples as opposed to the list view that exists in most uis. really looking forward to see this project take off. 	this is an incredible tool and i am incredibly excited to start playing around with it more and using it in my own works. 	this is awesome. thank you for the wonderful resource and for getting the word out about it. 	this is excellent. i like to use samples in my music but don't like spending loads of time and energy being a librarian for my files. this makes it easy to get straight to exploring and testing things out for inspiration. awesome. 	this is going to bring about a renaissance of sample based hiphop. this is an incredibly powerful and useful tool, and i can't wait to see it used to it's full potential. 	this is highly confusing. i never figured out how to use a variety of sampled sounds in the loop tool. it seemed that i was always using a premade setup, even though those had jibberish names (so i assume they were made by others). frankly, for me, it would be easier to download the clips, toss them into something like audacity or garageband then remix them there. sorry, but this has a lot of work to do before an older novice (who would most likely be more interested in the sounds from a "remembrance" point of view) can figure out what to do where. neat idea, but the execution is too confusing for this + 	this is just really cool. i love it. 	this is really wonderful ,thanks 	this is seriously such an incredible idea and i can't wait to explore it more! it's a little cumbersome to hear only the one second or less clips while scrubbing through everything. i'd love a way to hear the full excerpt while scrubbing. 	this is so amazing, engaging, and fun! loc is such a treasure - making the vast array of our shared history available to reimagine and remix is just what the innovator in residence should be doing. this is freaking awesome! 	this is so cool! i can't wait for it to be widely available for everyone in the country to use. 	this is so fing cool great work 	this is super cool! thanks for making it. the loc is a terrific institution. -- [pii redacted] 	this is the shit. 	this looks like an amazing project that could give everyone access to create music. i hope you keep that concept in mind moving forward and i wish you the absolute best of luck in development!! 	this seems like a fantastic resource that's well-designed and easy to use. i'm excited to try it out some more! 	this site definitely needs polished... it's pretty sketchy at first. it's and awesome concept and the online step sequencer is sweet because you can kinda get an idea of what you can use the sounds for before opening your software. 	this was fun and interesting. :) 	this was great to use. it will provide great use for producers and independent artists who struggle to obtain sample clearance. overtime, improving the cataloging and browsing functionality will make this an incredibly useful tool. providing not necessarily a monetary, but creative and powerful incentive to submit to a library will further strengthen and push this to be great tool. 	this was something really fun and cool that i saw an article about on twitter. i really dig that you can chop samples up and find the originals at the same time. the drum machines are super easy to use and i don't even consider myself rhythmic or musical! 	this will replace music on youtube 	twitch/youtube content creator. 	use social media to promote this, its great! 	very cool idea. i think my husband might like this. 	very cool project. the browse sounds tool (the screen where you have to drag the mouse to hear bits of sound) is not very intuitive but the rest of the sites functionality is better. i think it will take some getting used to but overall i will continue to explore it and likely use it for mixing music (for fun). 	very cool tool 	very excited for the access to a library of great sounds. a better developed website with user friendly interface will make this website amazing. very excited to see finished product in the future. thank you. 	very interesting site with lots of stuff to listen to. 	very nice! thank you. 	was a little tricky to use a first but once i figured it out its pretty simple.. amazing tool for me and anyone else who's always looking for that next sample.. thank you 	was unsure of what the different colors meant in the "explore tab". great work! going to check out the video walking through it. 	we couldn't find a search function to accomplish the last task.... and thank you so much for this great tool!!!!!! 	website on mobile iphone se is very difficult to use 	well, this may seem silly, but there's not much color to the website. i love the way you can move your cursor around to find different sounds...but then once you get to the remix section, everything's kind of dull looking. could you have the remix play as a pop out, maybe? also, perhaps people could choose the color of the interface when they use the page (like maybe a dark theme, classic radio, etc). very good work on this project, and thank you for sharing it! 	what a fantastic idea! as a librarian and gigging musician, i greatly appreciate the education from both fields this kind of tool can bring to people. i'm looking very forward to the full release of this tool, both for professional and personal use! 	when i finished recording my music the download starts right away but all the files had kb and didn't play in my pc. 	when it’s functional this will be awesome! good luck! 	when trying to use the remix function, there doesn't really seem to be a way to completely create an original remix. i could not combine different sounds of my choosing and when trying to create and save an original drum pattern with the "remix" tool, there was no data in the saved file. not sure what that was about. all in all a fun excursion for sure. this seems best suited for young kids or teens who have an interest or curiosity for music creation and historical recordings of one type or another. i will definitely visit the site again. it just wasn't what i thought it was, as far as remixing from the site/tool itself. thank goodness you allow the downloading of recordings/sounds. when this is fully running i hope this will also be an https: and not just http: in short, not what i thought, liked the site, will return, will tell others. cheers 	where is the search option? 	while exploring sounds, it would be nice to be able to highlight a sample and select something like "use in (or replace) sample slot , , , . that way i can select all the samples i want without leaving the sample explore screen. also the inverse of that, being able to press a "replace this sound" button from the step sequencer page would also be nice. other wise its really cool. good work :) 	while the "explore" page is super cool to see a mosaic of all the sounds / tracks, it would be cool to be able to switch the view and search within that page, instead of going to the "browse & download" tab. also, the "explore" page makes it difficult to understand how the tracks are organized - by date? by genre? by bpm? maybe have a way to sort them from left to right, top to bottom in a certain fashion that makes it intuitive for the user. finally, previewing sounds on the "explore" page: i didn't like how i had to press a physical button that says "play". i would have liked to see a track timeline at the bottom of the page, similar to that of any streaming service so i can skip through the track while previewing. 	will you be expanding the offerings further? would there be an exclusive john lomax collection of sound at some point? 	wonderful user interface! fun to play with. 	would be nice to select longer clips and adjust the length of listening. 	would love to see even more collections and content. this sit is great. 	wow, this is awesome. i don't really make music, but i have a huge appreciation and this site is really fun. thank you! 	yes. it was not initially clear how i could download "my" beat. the "record" button should also specify that it will download the sample. 	youtube creator looking for cool tools for sounds in videos 	you should have a link to some basic music theory that compliments or works with these tools, along with some way to view the history of the devices that produce the drum sounds. i think there should also be a piece of the site that shows how this was all put together, mostly because i think such an effort should be fully appreciated for all i can only imagine it took to work this through. i would also like to know if there is a way to create new samples from the sourced material; that would be clutch, and if you could use it with the tools offered by this site, all the better. 	you should add a 'swing' bar, similar to the tempo bar, to have more control over the groove of the drums. 	you need a tool showing where the samples are sliced from in context. a tool that shows the waveforms of the whole body of work, and what you are taking from it as slices... not preselected and sliced selections 	you can't chain patterns together you can't use samples from different sources together the beat only lasts bars no effects cannot browse samples from the beat maker can only select one sample to remix at a time cant change sample without changing the whole sequence can't download the drum patterns as midi 	yeah... basically, this idea is so dope and forward thinking. the sampler idea on site is really cool. not probably something that i will use alot because i have professional audio gear and workflow that makes more sense to me... but i can imagine non musicians using that for hours. very intuitive and cool. the consequence of sound link that hipped me to this site has already been floating around on various discord producer groups. everyone reacting with 'fire' emojis and good comments. i'll reach out if i come up with something cool from this collection. pii redacted 	yeah the sequencer controls are kinda whack, too much work downloading stems to make projects useful/pretty. maybe too much focus on the ui over expanded function. cant wait to see some kids do some usa killed malcom, killed martin, fuqqn drones man. vet yr employer & get out with this america pride shit, shut it down burn it down. impeach the precedent. boom bap is wack in the modern world, emulation is theft. america is theft. goodnight alt-right 	would like to be able to hear full sample, and to download in case i want to chop the sample myself. perhaps i missed it while having fun with the on site beat maker!!! 	would be really awesome if you could create your own sample packs/crates right on the site and then download a zip file of just the samples you've picked out 	would be nice to make sound packs within an account on the website or something similar. very coo idea overall though 	would already love this for the sample library alone, but the beat generator takes it to a whole other level. 	wonderful experience, an incredible resource. i don't know if it is possible, but making a list of content used (perhaps to the right side of the window) when jamming on the remix page would be useful: i made mixes but forgot where the samples were taken from, as i "randomised" a number of times. thank you again for your work. 	windows media player could not play the downloaded .wav files. 	while the site says select three sounds it was not clear how to do this. it needs some input around navigation. was glad to see the types of drum machines available. could no fund any info about sample quality or format. i understood how to use the remix decks however i also dj/produce. 	while it's definitely interesting to browse through sounds by dragging the mouse around, maybe have a way to go back to a sound you played, the dragging is kinda slippery and can be easy to miss a sound if you don't stop your mouse on time or can't finish reading the title of the source. other than that, this is really exciting. 	when looking at the graphic that represents a large collection of sounds, i'd recommend making the sound play instantly when clicked and not have to click play. it greatly slows down the browsing process. it would also be nice to make it easier to load the full audio file from which a snippet of sound comes from, from the same browsing page, versus having to load it into the beat maker page first. as someone highly competent in music production, i would be interested in using this for finding samples, but have no interest in the browser-based beat making tool. maybe that is of interest to people just getting into music, but i couldn't see anyone who actually has access to a daw or other way of making beats to be interested in that feature. from my perspective, the sample library is the much more promising aspect of this project and where i would recommend resources be dedicated. (into expanding the and organizing the library). i think there is a much wider audience of people who would find regular use in that. 	when i mouseover a selection, it plays a very short piece and stops. it would be great if it kept playing until i moved my cursor to another selection. (this may just be a setting i need to adjust on my end, but i need to spend more time on the site to know). this is amazing btw!!! 	when i download files, it would be more convenient to have clear metadata. i downloaded files, were mp s labeled fma-numbers, and had actual name of the song as metadata, meanwhile the wav file, was only named only numbers, and the metadata doesnt give you any more useful information than a link to the loc website where the file resides. in addition, all the files downloadable from the side come up as mp s, and for audio production purposes, uncompressed wav files are usually preferred( i do understand that comes with a different set of problems such as hosting for bigger files). i dont know what i clicked, and i couldnt recreate it, but on the first file i found, i was taken to the loc page of the audio file, where it gave me information from the file(like on the more information tab you have on each sample), but it also let me choose between downloading an mp or a wav file. on the other hand, in the more information tab, if you click it, it shows you a link to the fma archived website, instead of the part of the website that has relevant information regarding the file 	when browsing, you only hear . seconds of audio, so you don't know whether it's worth it to listen to the audio in context. just play the whole context to begin with and provide playback tools to let people fast forward, etc. i would be a lot more helpful than white noise glitches. 	what great fun! 	what fun! 	what an amazing thing thank you! 	what an amazing idea and way to connect people with sounds that would have been lost to history. very cool, looking forward to following the progress of the site. 	what a wonderful tool! this combines such a cross section of our history. i'm so happy that folks are working so creatively on allowing us to share our shared history! thank you! 	what a neat project! 	well, mostly my feedback revolves around the ux and usability of the site - i'd love to have a conversation about it sometime, and or to offer my help. if you'd like that, i can be contacted at [redacted] my ux portfolio is here: [redacted] 	wav download broke on and after second try. sequencer started skipping beats for unknown reasons. first, just the first beat of the second measure. then, it was only playing off beats. very weird and useless at that point. 	was fun to use very innovative 	visually it is a bit antiquated. i could navigate through it ok because i've been around for a while, but i really believe for more people to use it the interface would have to be modernised a bit. more logical user interface. regardless, it's an amazing resource. thanks 	visualization of collection was difficult to explore, not immediately obvious how to navigate or interpret different colors 	very very cool and thanks 	very easy to use and fun to explore 	very cool project and i hope i can put it to use in some way, shape or form. 	very cool please finish this as it is very cool 	very confused with what the left and right arrows next to the play button do on each sample track; you would assume clicking it would give you a different point of the original recording to sample, but it changes all samples and their patterns which is very unintuitive. i'm not sure how you are supposed to combine audio from different sources; i had an okay idea in the "remix" tab and wanted to add to it but i soon realized that tabbing back into the "explore" category threw away the work in the remix section. i'm not sure if i didn't notice something, but i don't see how this tool is very usable if you can't constantly go back and search for things to add to your idea. 	used on a phone but it could be more mobile friendly. 	unable to download file successfully 	this website is great! 	this was very fun to use! i really enjoyed the visual layout of the sounds libraries 	this was a lot of fun. i am going to try to figure out how to download samples to my music making ap on my ipad to introduce to my kids!!! 	this usability tool is cool but the top right option being "exit study" meant i kept almost leaving the study, instead of hiding it. 	this shit was awesome thanks 🙏 	this project is amazing. it will fit into my new digital productions class perfectly. please keep developing this resourse! 	this organization of this site is unintuitive. the explore tab with the grid is a very messy way of finding samples, and when you click a sound, it only plays for less than a second. also, as a music producer, i would be thrilled if there were more music-driven samples as opposed to spoken word. still, this site is a godsend to any producer, and i am absolutely looking forward to using it in my projects. 	this is very cool. it does take some experimenting, but once you explore, it becomes a fun challenge to find things. love the mixing tool. 	this is very cool. i love it, and would love to see it grow and become even more user friendly, not only for people casually looking to create a beat, but people who really know what they're doing in software like ableton or fruity loops. i believe it really could be useful even for professionals who already know how to chop up and arrange samples on their own. the biggest thing for me that i thought was weird is that in the grid interface where you select a sample - i'd love to have slightly longer snippets to preview. maybe a full second or two. also, it would be neat to be able to select a window for the samples when constructing the beat (something like the "slip" tool in adobe premiere). 	this is super rad. thanks for putting this all together, and sharing! it helps make sheltering in place a bit more bearable. :) 	this is super cool! 	this is such a fantastic project! thank you to everyone involved! 	this is so rad! i love having all of the metadata and records for each sound. i will definitely be playing around with this some more! 	this is so cool and amazing not to mention the way the files are embedded creating a magnificent art piece as well of a sound wall.. is crazy ... i am not even a beat maker but feel like with this tool could create a beat.. absolutely insane. 	this is one of the coolest things i've ever seen, and a great example of government doing something amazing that the market never could on its own. it's wonderful that these recordings will not just be preserved, but be made so accessible. 	this is just incredible, thank you. it's not as simple to use as it could be, but i'm sure over time this will change. the addition of the sequencer is great, nice and easy to use, good for inspiration. other than that, good work. 	this is just great. many artist lack the funds to purchase sample packs and this is a great alternative! 	this is just amazing thank you 	this is great. thank you for putting this together 	this is great! congrats and good luck. i think/hope this will be popular, because it's very well done, entertaining, and interesting. 	this is great and i hope it is supported for a long time 	this is fun! 	this is fantastic. more sounds and access to as much as possible would be ideal. doesn't have to be musical to be modified into soundscapes and such. anything is good raw material for sound design/ambient weirdness. 	this is fantastic! i'm so excited about this. it's such a fun way to explore sound. 	this is excellent and i would love to build classes and interview you for my podcast and for my students here in nyc please find me on ig [redacted] email [redacted] 	this is dope man! thank you. 	this is awesome! the ui could use a little bit of work to streamline things but overall keep up the good work! 	this is awesome! id love to be able to download my remixes, i’m excited for the creative possibilities in this project 	this is an incredible tool! please keep working on this! 	this is an incredible resource!! i hope you'll continue to develop and promote it widely. 	this is an incredible idea and i hope that it is around for a long time. 	this is an incredible and wonderful resource you are building. tools like these are amazing and do a very good job to make music more accessible to anyone. i would love to see being able to adjust the size of the pattern and maybe even being able to output a midi sync pulse 👀. thank you so much 	this is an awesome project, thanks for your work and dedication. 	this is amazing! thank you for all your hard work. i look forward to see this come out of beta - but will be using it now as well!! thank you!! 	this is amazing, i love it to bits and i cannot wait to make things with it. absolutely amazing work. 	this is amazing 	this is absolutely amazing and the best thing i've seen in ages. thank you so much! 	this is a really great project! 	this is a really cool project and i'm very happy it exists. the ui is not as clunky as i expected it to be and makes things easy to follow. i like how you can download the drum machine samples as well and draft things out in-browser. i am not sure what the viability of this would be with copyright issues, but it would be cool to see artists be able to donate their sounds to this library. this project has a lot of potential and i'm excited to see where it goes. 	this is a precedent-setting resource. i look forward to experiencing whatever this helps bring into the world. 	this is a great project and i hope it experiences a full rollout. the only thing i wish it had is an option to download clips in .wav format 	this is a great idea. the ui could use some work, perhaps, but that's a minor complaint. really excited to have access to this material, and this is a great way to explore it! 	this is a great idea and implementation! i wish a lot of governments follow this open approach towards the societal heritage of popular culture in such an amazing way. 	this is a fantastic tool and should be highly supported! 	this is a brilliant idea. 	this idea is awesome!! 	this has to be shared with the world!! more marketing so more can know about it! 	this great. we need more free art in the hands of the public. 	this certainly has a lot of potential and i will continue to check it out. i'm very passionate about sample based music and i'm happy that the loc sees the cultural relevance of sampling! 	there seemed to be no clear cut list of directions or tutorial that i had found so just ended up blustering my way thru it. 	the website is not intuitive and will not get more than a certain crowd unless instructions are clear and maybe navigation is easier. browsing over the audio files and the weird clicking mechanic was annoying because i could only listen to the file for a split second then i had to move my cursor all the way down to click rather than hearing the whole file from one click 	the website is amazing and a huge feat, congrats on an incredible archive and unique and interesting way to interface with it. the beat making part is intuitive (at least for me being familiar with a wide range of music making apps.) there are lots of options i immediately want, like swing on the beat, triplets, th notes, etc, strange samples create strange tempos and time signatures in our heads, so having these musical options on the fly, to interact with the sample in the way i hear it in my head would be amazing, but expanding the beat making to be too complicated might scare people off, so i appreciate the easy access to each individual sample for drums and the sample i've selected. being able to access the original file where the sample comes from is so easy. the legal rights on what i could potentially use in music is also very clear, essential for artists. overall, it's amazing and i'm looking forward to seeing this launch proper and any future expansion of the beat making or the material that can be accessed. one thing worth mentioning, i tried "recording" a beat i had made, when i stopped recording, i got a few files downloaded that were bytes despite me having record for a few seconds, i did shuffle through samples, used solos and mutes while in record mode and forgot it was recording. maybe just a minor bug with either file length or using item loading functions during record. 	the wav files are horribly distorted when loaded into my daw (ableton live) please check them on your side and see if this is a problem on my end or with the files themselves 	the visual browsing is very difficult...it's really just sort of hovering the mouse around and guessing at stuff, but it's impossible to find something again. the filtering works well, but then you can end up with a lot of black space and no greater resolution on the clips. if i could gradually zoom in on the clips (metadata) as i filter, it might improve the navigation, findability, etc. 	the ui/ux of the site is a bit difficult to navigate. it doesn't need to be made more complex, but it'd be great to have a better order of hierarchy to more easily distinguish between content. i am a designer and would be happy to provide feedback and offer some suggestions. my email is [redacted] 	the ui was a tad on the clunky side. i think you have something cool going here, but one thing that could benefit the overall exerience would be a way to go across the spectrum without erupting all the samples back to back, causing a semi chaotic sound. maybe instead of having the file at the very bottom of the screen where people's eyes are not tending to travel. maybe incorporate the info and all that in the side column, and use the other side column, to give some functionality, like a start and end time that you could maybe trim in increments within a second or so. maybe a latch functionality to play the contextual bit, so you can just click it and let it ride, so on. maybe look at a bit more of a friendly way to add or subtract tracks from the sequencer. overall this is very cool, but i was struggling to find multiple samples that could work together with the way this is organized. hope this helps at all. thanks for this, it has a ton of potential 	the ui seems thrown together and there's room for improvement in the clip loading/playing functionality. i could provide more robust and details feedback depending on the development status of this project... please contact me directly if you're open to that type of contribution... and thanks for making this. i love it! 	the ui is very difficult to use and quite outdated. i'd recommend changing the typeface, for starters. the 'explore' feature is kind of pointless...the zoom in/out is not smooth. organization by collections isn't very helpful to me. i would prefer one massive list that i could filter by type, sound, length, instrument etc. 	the sound selection process was difficult. list view would be good. i could not figure out how to select sounds with my chromebook. 	the sound preview could use some work, it was a bit confusing. had to click twice on sounds sometimes to preview them. i also understand that it only plays a clip, but it would be cool to have an option or some easy way to have clips play in context from the explore view, that way if i want to use the sound, but not in the way the website chopped it, i know that the clip would be cool to edit in some other way. 	the sound browsing page with all of the spectrograms was cool but somewhat difficult to use. it was hard to navigate and i think the frequency analysis will be lost on most. i think there could be a better way to browse the sounds and/or preview them that is more akin to other music sources. see splice.com. also, while trying out the beatmaking in browser is fun, i think most people will want to use the audio in a different daw or hardware sampler of their choice so bringing the download to the forefront would draw more people in. 	the site still needs some work for mobile devices, it is still completely usable but the formatting can be off in some places. i will later try it out on a computer. the built-in remix part is very cool and a great feature. i would use this more to quickly audition sounds i would then download and use in a real music production environment, either hardware or software. 	the share tool did not work well. the 'record' button didn't seem to actually record anything. the site is not optimized for mobile 	the share button didn't seem to work properly. it would roughly share what i made (eg same source and drum machine), but seemed to mess up the beat order sequence. otherwise, great fun useful interesting awesome tool! 	the recorded beat had a lot of static during playback. 	the record button seems bugged. it only worked once for me, and after that i only get a byte wav file. i'm not sure that i see the point of the record button as it's currently implemented. i'd rather have a way to download the entire -beat mix as a wav that loops nicely, and i don't see a way to do that besides recording it and trimming it in some other software. 	the platform is amazing! the layout for exploring new sounds is mind blowing, and the amount of sounds available is breathtaking. thank you. 	the phrasing of the questions in this study were sometimes confusing. it also wasn't clear to me how to easily edit certain sound bytes to download. some pages feel a bit overwhelming. 	the mouse-over icons of sounds was interesting, but they were so small that it didn't seem very usable. perhaps slightly larger icons? 	the most common way to find stuff is to search - i never saw the word "search" anywhere. the ui of the browsing tool was cool - and maybe if i was just looking for a particular sound/sample it would have been useful - but as a way of finding specific stuff - not really that useful at all. it's kinda cool for sure. but a bit clunky to use. that said, for a government site not too shabby! ^_^ 	the mobile experience was good, but the design isn’t meant for small screens o guess 	the main colourful sample window is excellent! it reminds me of the plugin xo by xln audio which i love. i found it a bit slow / sluggish dragging my mouse to find samples, i wish that performed better but overall it was great. 	the layout is a little confusing but if i work with it some more it will be a great resource 	the interface is very cool, yet feels difficult to explore and i feel there should bbe more optipons as it pertains to sample instruments. 	the interface is not engaging and it is also difficult to use 	the initial interface where sounds can be browsed was the most confusing part. i get that the sea of sounds promotes exploration and discovery, but it took a while to learn the interface. the sound icons were so visually distracting that i did not look for the buttons at the bottom. 	the explore tab was a little weird. it only played very small snippets of sound when dragging my mouse over the window. 	the explore section took a second to figure out. i see what you were going for and i'm sure i could get into it if i had more time. in the end, the browse function and control f were easier. maybe a search interface? i'm sure you have human-created tags already. anyway, i love love love love love love this project. thank you! i will definitely use this and encourage others to use it as well 	the explore page, where you move the cursor through tiny clips, isn't very useful, or at least not intuitive. 	the establishment and launch of this open source tool will be a big bang moment for creatives across the world. it's mind boggling to think of how democratizing and disruptive this will be in regards to production, sound design, etc. i really hope the library of congress has the stomach to press forward with this and not let this get back burnered by lobbying or corporate music industry interests which i have no doubt will try and do what they can to fight and or somehow control this. please do not let this die. music needs more of this effort. copyright laws and the corporations and lawyers that defend them have gotten insane. thank you library of congress! thank you innovator in residence program! thank you brian foo! u-s-a, u-s-a, u-s-a, u-s-a! 	the drum machine sequencer was cool but lacked an editing tool . at least from what i could find. i liked that it helped create arrangements but i couldn't figure out how to select a specific part of the recording for the sequence. good for ideas but wasn't imperative for me. 	the color visual used to browse was great. color coding or dynamic filtering based on key instruments would be helpful (if it's already indexed). 	the browse feature (with the virtual cloud of clips) is very cool, but it was a little bit confusing because the clips it played were so short (like second). it would be great if that could be extended or if there was a clear way to get to the full recording from browse. 	the "explore sounds" page doesn't seem to be particularly organized. 	the 'drag to explore' function felt very unintuitive and hard to use. i didn't undertsand how to browse in a way that was more like a smaple colleciotn i'm used to (for example, by clicking through a series of named samples grouped into folders, sort of like how a sample pack would be organised within a daw) 	that was fun, it's very empowering to have such a complex tool at your fingertips - sampling isn't for everyone but i can even see how powerful this can be for my month old daughter's growth. kudos on creating such an intuitive take on multi-century old tech. 	thanks so much for creating this. i look forward to exploring more of its potential! good luck! 	thanks for working on this and i am looking forward to the finished product. 	thanks for making this tool available! 	thanks for creating this! 	thanks 	thank you very much for this! it's a lot of fun. i've explored online collections of out-of-copyright recordings at loc, at archive.org, and elsewhere, and look forward to higher fidelity recordings emerging over the coming years. one thing i'd love to see is pre-de-clicking and pre-de-popping, etc., because, unless those sounds are part of the aesthetic that i'm looking for, the biggest (so far insurmountable task) that i've had is getting audio into a usable state. cleaning up the authentic originals is probably not high up on the list of archivists, i would guess. anyway, thanks again, i've already shared this (via the consequnceofsound post). 	thank you so much, i would love to help out on this project 	thank you so much for this. so excited for the future of music with this resource. 	thank you so much for this amazing resource 	thank you for keeping sampling and artists that subscribe to this art form in mind. 	thank you for doing this! 	thank you for creating this wonderful resource, it is very interesting and a delight to use. 	thank you for creating such a powerful creative tool and deep archive. 	thank you for all your hard work! amazing resource here. 	super cool-- well done and lots of fun. on my first use, it was unclear what the upper limits were for extending clips in samples. i was interested in making the samples themselves longer, but they seemed to be very short by default. i imagine you can just download and mess with them on your own, but it wasn't immediately evident if/how you could do so within the browser context. great job though! love it. 	sounds like an exciting project and i look forward to exploring. 	sound picking screen is a little goofy and felt clunky. but then again, for someone that doesn't make music already i can see it working. 	sound doesn’t seem to work in safari for ios 	so far so good. definitely need to work on the user interface but what you have already in place was easy for me to navigate. i also have what i created stuck in my head lol 	so cool! 	site was surprisingly easy to use and the sound explorer was really fun and unique. the rest of the site, though, definitely looks and feels like a .gov site. even ust using more ariel instead of times/roman could help with the design aspect. wouldn't mind access to more files through the same tools, though i know the copyright system is messed up. would also be nice to be able to use samples from different sources within the on-site drum machine/sampler. minor gripes, though. as a way to discover and audition sounds for new ideas, this is really, really amazing. thank you! 	site is easy to use and intuitive, well done. 	simple to get started. not sure if i can add samples from different tracks yet but exploring is half the fun. 	should be able to change start position of individual tracks without affecting start positions of other tracks. search functionality confusing. in "explore" page, would be great to hear longer clip if, perhaps, you click and hold. love this idea, love the site, well done. 	seriously i'm so impressed so fast with this. this is so cool. for any critical feedback i'd say: .i prefer wav or aiff files for audio, tho i'm aware this may take up huge space for you. . allow the arrow keys for scrolling through the collage for fast sample listening. i watched a steve duda interview about deadmau in the beginning and he would hold down his arrow key in his sample library to find his kicks ultra fast because he knew what he wanted. it wasn't about finding the perfect kick but about finding the kick he knew he wanted in his head. i've found this super helpful when i knew what kind of kick sound i wanted and allowed me to get there quickly. i could see this feature being super helpful for scrolling through these files and finding really cool bits fast. 	segmentation of speech doesnt permit using quotes 	seems like it's not meant to be used on mobile 	searching for a specific audio piece without lots of scrolling (or using a browser 'page search' function) is almost impossible. adding some kind of easy-search method would be outstanding. 	samples are extremely short by default 	sample browser didn't seem touch friendly 	response 	really fun experience. the features are really aesthetically pleasing and made it easy to explore it seemed a little more difficult to find specific items, but that could get easier after more time learning the ins and outs of the program 	really cool and fun to play around with 	put in a "donate" button somewhere. someone's bound to want to financially contribute to this. 	providing ways to add in lines from other samples in the website it self could open a lot more potential. 	program is glitchy when you get to the creation portion. i was changing sounds, using solo and mute and the controls would disappear. the only thing i could do was start over and lose everything i was working on. weak. 	problem areas for me: - i couldn't figure out how to load individual samples into the sequencer. i could only load full sets that were predetermined. - i couldn't figure out how to turn off the swing timing. i tried a dozen beats and all had swing. i hit the suffle buttons but they don't deal with shuffle time, only shuffling the sequences. maybe not the best terminology! 	please keep doing this. 	please get this thing asap started. thanks for this intuitive pogress. keep on going and y´all stay healthy! 	perhaps a better tutorial system? 	not yet. but keep up the good work! 	not yet, but thank you for putting all of this together! 	not yet but i'm sure i will have more feedback soon. thanks for this amazing resource and potential game changer for djs. 	not sure if i could use more than one sample at once, if so, couldnt figure out how, if not, hey, why not let me do that? otherwise very cool, make a the avalanches knock-off in mins 	not feedback, but question. do these pages and resources work on a variety of technology, such as ipads or chromebooks? i would love to use this with my students. there is no sign-in required? it is a very cool idea and a great resource! 	not clear directions on how to use 	no thank you 	no 	no 	nice job; keep it up! thank you. 	nice 	needs better organization, a search feature would be nice, formatting the samples as a wall of spectral images makes it easy to browse a variety at random but is of no use when looking for anything specific. website also loads slowly - if it didn't have to load every sound every time this wouldn't be an issue 	n/a 	my experience with the site was pretty cool as a sample-based producer. i think it would be interesting to hear longer music loops ( - bars) and hear how it can be manipulated with pitch shifting. as far as downloads and metadata, it is pretty spot on for obtaining lossless files. the organization of the audio files could be a little more detailed when it comes to the layout of the color groups. 	mpcs and most other samplers use .wav format not .mp i have to put in extra work to use these samples. 	mp isn't really going to be good enough for my uses but if that's all there is i'll try find a way to make it work. great project! 	more custimization that you would see on other daws 	more color on your interface would be nice!-old clips are black and white, but art is vibrancy 	more collections! 	mobile experience is awful. guide is awful. i bet the product is cool if i can ever figure it out. not intuitive at all 	maybe a search bar? 	make this an iphone app or what are any of us really doing. 	make the user interface better, the huge grid style of browsing sounds is hard, separate music by genre/year 	make the explore page a bit easier to understand right off the bat 	make sure to point out the buttons at the top of the mixer that let you move the recording forward and back. 	make it easier to crop your own sounds 	make a dark setting for the page. people's eyes will be locked on the screen for a while. 	loved it. easy to use. great sound sources. the sequencer sounds great and seems very unique and an easy way for anyone to make music. i couldn't hear the kick drum on one of the tracks--might have been my audio setup though. can you add a search bar somewhere? for the bb king exercise would have been helpful. great idea. great project 	loved it, so well done 	love this, very high value, thank you. 	love it! i hope a ton more sounds are added. i loved the visual audio explore page with all the waveforms to scan through. would love for that to be expanded somehow for use as creative tool. would love to search by tags and years. interface breaks on mobile sometimes. text is disappearing and reappearing as i type this. amazing concept and tool overall! thank you! 	love it! 	let us chop where we want in the clips! let us select the particular percussion sounds too. 	lacks a search box. just that. the browsing feels more scientific than creative. 	keep doing this 	just found this today, never used it before. i'm excited to play around for a bit! 	its perfect as of now. very rare that some so impressive is quite intuitive. 	it’s really cool 	it's a little difficult to navigate the recording selection by ear using just the short clips available through the main page. but i found it interesting as a sort of randomized sampling selection as i had to specifically "play" the selection and only then switched over to the remix page to mix it. this is absolutely a fun and interesting resource that i've already passed on to even more interested people i know. 	it would be interesting if we could add our own recorded sounds into the remixes, something i could then use with the soundscapes my students produce. 	it would be great to be able to chop samples ourselves rather than have them chopped already. it would save time rather than download them and then chop them on our samplers. then be able to download the result would be great. i seemed to not be able to download but that might just be an issue with my browser. overall, this is a nice source of samples and inspiration. 	it would be great to be able to choose the size of the clips. most of the clips are too short to be of good use for most remixing... 	it would be cool to have more input into customizing the beats you can make with the samples - it feels very constraining how the system chooses everything for you 	it was fun! we'll be using this again for entertainment and for home movies...weird phone ringtones...etc. 	it is a great source and works. i’m having some trouble getting the tracks to play on my iphone is all 	it feels unclear that the individual blips of sound in the browser are not the entire sample--without going into remix view i didn't know there was a "unit" of sound between entire file and browser preview. 	it feels good to recreate some real hip hop from the golden ages so easily. thank you for this magnificent tool 	interesting ui so far, i would recommend and easy way to use sounds from multiple sources in one beat 	incredible source for upcoming musicians like myself. please continue the great work. i would love to help in this prcocess and be apart of the great changes in music history, specifically with hip-hop. my email is [redacted] 	incredible idea! will use a lot. 	in the sound map, i noticed that a sound would only play when rolled over while the mouse button was down. i couldn't play a sound just by clicking on it. i think that would make it more usable. 	in general it's difficult to use. i don't really understand, for example, what the colors in the collage mean, or how i can select different sounds from an achive and adding them to the mix. however, this is an incredible initiative. please keep working on it! thank you! 	if you could let the user make their own specific samples from the excerpt provided, it could greatly increase its functionality. 	if there were a way to add an 'add to queue' button or something so that when you finally decide to try remixing you can pull them all together within the site, that would be very nice. i do think the option to download the samples and even the sources is a good idea to allow users to continue working on beats offline. 	i'm really curious to learn how the samples were generated, and if it would be possible to create our own snippets and download from the site, or if we should stick to downloading source material and use audacity to split things up ourselves :) 	i'm not totally clear on what defines the collections and how comprehensive they are - meaning, can all sound samples available be downloaded in some collection? how much material is here overall? also, i'd like to know more about how the clips are automatically chopped up for use i the beat-making tool. 	i'd like an easy way to combine sounds of different archival sources in the built-in sequencer (if there was one, i missed it!) 	i would recommend a history feature. if you click a file you like, and then click away, it can be hard to figure out what the last one was if you weren't paying attention to the name, and it's tough to check back what file you were looking at. 	i would love it if you could build a small sound bank so i can build up sounds for melodies and sounds. would also love to see djs in the future set up "sound packs" based on some of their favorite samples they've found. happy to help: [redacted] 	i wonder what the legality of a non us citizen using this site is. 	i will go back and explore more instruction would be helpful apparently i missed the instructional video ( my wife was on site in another room and told me of the video ) so thats a problem for me ( no video for guidance) but i managed thru - but a problem in your design if i missed the video ???? 	i was very surprised to find out about this offering today. this is just awesome and i really enjoyed the sequencer! dope! 	i was using the tool on a mobile device (iphonex) and bavigation was clunky, and i couldnt get sounds to play from the explore screen or the create function. i had to open the individual sounds in a separate window. very cool concept, interesting materials. interested in trying again on my laptop to see if it functions better. 	i was not clear on how to dl a sound from the mozaiek view finder 	i was excited when i read about the concept, but the whole website is a disaster. too cluttered, not mobile friendly, unintuitive and impossible to navigate i wasn’t able to complete a single “task” and am computer savvy. i honestly got frustrated and lost interest before being able to get anywhere. great idea, but this platform needs to be completely rethought if you want it to be user friendly. 	i was a bit confused by the app, but looking forward to trying it again. didn't manage to record the beats. the wav files were empty. 	i use reason studio, which is way more advanced than this. so i can't see myself using this to make a serious production. but the huge library is something i can use and plan to. 	i understand this is probably in very early stages of development, but: it would be cool/fun to have more than four pre-determined "samples" to choose from. maybe even be able to explore the full recording and define your own "zones" to use as trigger-able samples? 	i thought the mixing window might need some work. functions such as grouping tracks would make it easier to balance a mix between drums and the actual sample. i found the library's interface quite weird. i would rather search for sounds using filters or keywords. you just click around the weird grid so it's pretty random right now. 	i think this is fantastic and am happy to see it! i do think the current website design is a little cumbersome, however. the "drag cursor" interface is a bit overwhelming. too much information at once, in my opinion. when i found the searchable index, that made it much easier for me. being able to search and filter by subject or contributor, etc... is very important for how i would use the tool. thank you all for your work on this! 	i think this is a wonderful idea and hold much appreciation for all the hard work that must have gone into creating a database like this. 	i think this is a great project - i will continue to explore it and look forward to the full launch - after making beats - i now find myself listening to the whole b.b.king interview 	i think the free music archive would benefit immensely from a selection of latin sounds (salsa, bachata, bolero, cumbia, reggaeton, etc). very exciting project! thank you. 	i think that the sound-browsing page should allow you to adjust the size of the sample. as far as i can tell, you just get a fixed square that is a fixed time interval. i expected to be able to drag the square's edges to change the time sampled. 	i think that the site ui is a bit clunky and not very eye pleasing. i know it`s not most important thing for you, but it is proven that people tendt to prefer eye pleasing ui`s :d 	i think make sure to separate drum sounds and the clip sounds and make it clear what you're searching in 	i think it's great, and i'm really for grateful for a resource like this! 	i think it's an amazing way to utilize the library's immense archive. this is aural history and i'm glad it's being shared in a clever and comprehensive way. thank you. 	i really love the idea and i'm really looking forward to it's polished look 	i really like what you're doing here 	i really enjoyed using your site. it was incredibly easy (and fun) to use. i found zounds of strange samples in no time. thanks for all your work on this. 	i new enough click on the logo in the upper right to get to a different collection, but perhaps add another path when you're in a collection and realize you want to move on to a different one? 	i need to spend more time with it but i think it's a great idea. 	i might suggest removing the default settings on the remix tool. most students i encounter are savvy enough to create their own beat. 	i loved it and i will be back often! 	i love this idea. i just got new audio software and i’m definitely using this site. unfortunately i came here on my phone and therefore the site was hard to use. i will be back, on my laptop, after work. 	i love the sample packs and that these sounds can be ported out for use in other software, so many make the mistake of trying to be standalone. also the ability to search by type of sound and note? thats brilliant this is exciting! 	i love the old ui style although i do think it can be improved upon. i think some things can be made more obvious and the sampler machine didn't seem to work for me properly when i tried to alter the sample pattern. drums work fine not samples for me. let me know how i can help i love what you guys are doing. i am a hip hop producer and i think this site could be hugely helpful. 	i love the interface! the material on here is amazing! i love the fact that you can research where the sounds came from. 	i love the colored grid of sounds, but it might be useful to have a longer snippet play right away when you initially click on something. also, the remix feature is amazing but i couldn't tell if there was a built in feature to combined & edit multiple sounds together on the website (like a workspace called crate, for ex) - as opposed to just combining one sound sample with a beat pattern. but i also only spent a few min looking around so far. generally, this is amazing :) 	i love it, great work. i got a recording output error when i tried to record the remix. "recording output error (oosstatus error - ). a few things that would make it better: -a master volume near play/stop -the ability to start/stop with space bar -filter sound search by date and origin/location -an easy way to download attribution information near download buttons, with an easy way to associate the attribution text with the audio file. thanks! this is amazing. i look forward to following the progress and hope we can connect further in the future. pii-redacted 	i like the visual random exploratory interface. the randomness is refreshing otherwise one could be overwhelmed with lists. obviously you can fine tune your selection once you’re in it. 	i like making music from samples and making new music from it. it can't be easy rounding up these sounds. it's an exciting to think that this is being created. thank you 	i know it's in early stages, but i think i cheated with the bb king interview task by clicking around more randomly (i started with the dialect selections, then went into the joe smith collection). the color-spectrum is an interesting way to pull people into samples they might not consider--will you also include ways to navigate for people looking for specific sound types (e.g. horns, etc)? (the color spectrum is nice because it breaks the way people would probably think about looking for music) 	i just starting using garageband on my macbook about months ago to make hip hop music. this loc find will be great! 	i have a suite of sound analysis tools that i wrote and use, i'd love to have direct or api access to your raw sound files. 	i found the tool to be intuitive. my only suggestion would be to allow a sample to be played when the cursor hovers above it. dragging tended to cause me to "lose" the sample. if i could just stop the cursor over an item and listen to it, it would make sample selection easier. 	i found it a little confusing that all the tasks didn't update automatically as i was completing them. visual cues to complete the tasks, and visual cues that the tasks were completed, would have been a huge help. 	i feel that the clips from interviews would work better in the style of s and s sampling if samples could be extended to up to beats, as not all songs from that era used short clips. while one could utilize longer samples from the source material available on the website separately within a daw, just a personal opinion. being able to place beats on half-beats (i.e. th notes instead of just quarter notes) would also provide a lot more flexibility if provided as an option. 	i feel like this is so close to being easy to use and cool but right now everything just feels clunky and confusing until i start playing with things just to see what they do. still not sure even how i would go about just doing a basic search and avoiding the heat map of sounds all together. it's neat but not very practical at the moment. 	i feel confused about how to combine the different sounds together 	i enjoyed using it. i look forward to a fuller version where i can have more power to select which sounds and parts of recordings i wish to incorporate. 	i downloaded a few of the sequences i recorded. total downloaded with files corrupt and unplayable, recordings have clicks and pops that sound like they may be sample rate clock issue related. file seems to be ok. i like what you've done here and the interface is fun to navigate. fairly simple to use and will definitely return. bravo! 	i don't know how to use samples from several sources in a single remix yet 	i didn't understand if it's possible while remixing to combine multiple sources while remixing (ex. to have one line of speach and one of a musical instrument) 	i didn't find the site difficult to use, but just didn't understand "how" to use. a highlevel user guide of "what" you can do & "how" would be beneficial. if it's already there, i just didn't see it. 	i did not understand the mixer. but that was not what i wanted to do with sound. i was more interested in folklore and older music recordings to use for film. 	i definitely need a deeper dive, but wow, what an amazing treasure trove of history and sound. for a guy that samples pretty much exclusively, this is pretty incredible. i'll be back for more fun. thank you! 	i couldnt see/access the bottom buttons very easily on safari on my iphone. other than this it’s looking like incredible resource! 	i couldn't find how to choose which pieces of the song to sample. 	i couldn't figure out how to use longer samples, nor how to combine multiple sounds from either the same library or from different libraries. essentially, it felt very "hand hold"y, and thus not versatile enough to be truly usable. 	i could only get the remix engine to play after playing the sample in the embedded player at the bottom of the page. the explore window isn’t allowing me to directly select a sample, it picks one slightly above where i am tapping. 	i could not find a search function for bb king. 	i can't wait for this to fully launch. i will be coming back to use this to the fullest potential. 	i am very excited about using this resource to create my own music without having to worry about legalities of sampling music. 	i am using my iphone. i was not able to make the sounds work when i attempted to use citizen dj. i could find things and the everything appeared to be working, but the sounds would not play even when i turned the volume up and restarted the site. 	i am a freelance producer, specializing in sample-based production. this is fantastic! thanks! 	i absolutely love this. it is an intelligent and entertaining way to help people discover music, interviews etc. by letting them 'play' with archival documents. it is also wonderful for creators not only to have access to such an extensive material source but also to be given the tools to create their own music. thank you for putting up such a great project! 	i absolutely love this and the principles behind it the gave it life. please, please let this live. it's amazing. 	great work, thanks! 	great work, i also pine for the era of sampled collages! 	great site. i was able to quickly find several sounds that i downloaded and chopped up to make a new beat. sounds i would have never thought to use or found had it not been for this site. 	great idea. thanks for creating this. it's super cool. 	great idea! 	great idea, well executed, really enjoyed using the tool! 	great experience. thank you 	great 	good start. great asset and resource. ty. the drag your cursor thing was confusing and kind of annoying. i wanted to hover over and hear more of the clip but couldn't. i would probably use a search too more than that. 	good job 	fun. great ides 	fun! downloaded filename should contain description and bpm. thanks! 	fix the record function. it currently generates an empty wav, so the whole sequencer thing where it makes beats is tough to use, as you have to manually use software like audacity to actually get it. 	firstly, i think this is an awesome initiative, and i'm grateful for the effort you're putting into it. as a big fan of what you referred to as "collage" in music, and as a music producer, this is an amazing resource. as a producer, the ui for accessing sounds will be most useful if i'm able to see the sound's soundwaves as i browse, and if i can preview the sounds by clicking on different points of their soundwaves. this allows me to have an understanding of where the percussive parts are, where the high intensity content is, or conversely where the low intensity content is within a sound. a good example of the ui i have in mind is freesound's: https://freesound.org/browse/ 	fantastic. love it. thanks! 	fantastic collection, simple navigation, stable and lots of variety. nicely done! 	fantasic work! 	exploring thinly sliced samples isn't that entertaining. a sample is better found listening to a longer segment of a piece and catching that one part that sparks the imagination. 	exploring the "one-shots" is very uncomfortable - clips are too short and the explore screen doesn't work very well. ideally you could edit your own clip. not enough music content. the fma is all well-and-good, but it should be better labeled so people understand that it's (basically) full of junk. (i was familiar with the fmu page before i visited here so i would've known what to expect.) 	exploring sound was easy. but downloading a specific one, respectively loading it in the beat pattern wasn`t possible for me. didn't find a trigger for it. beat pattern. a readymade one is easy to use. editing it by changing a item with another sound wasn't possible for me. would have liked to do that. 	excellent, fantastic, wonderful, inspiring. 	excellent work and concept. 	excellent tool. this is great, if you could get the interface to fit properly on an ipad, would be even better. currently when browsing the bottom of the interface gets pushed off the screen 	even though i’ve only explored citizen dj on my mobile device, it was still easy to navigate. there are a lot of interesting sounds i can draw inspiration from and i am looking forward to using the desktop site and using this resource in conjunction with my full music making setup. i will definitely spread the word about this awesome tool. keep up the great work! 	drag click to scrub through the sounds on a laptop trackpad is kinda hard. i recommend a button to hold while just moving the cursor, in addition to the drag, be available. otherwise this was great. 	discoverability is not great at present because so much information is presented at once. the user interface could benefit from increased progressive disclosure. there are other design aspects that would improve the interface (systematic use of color and shape, for example); the current interface relies heavily on reading text for the majority of non-audio interactions. want more? [redacted] (you do not have my permission to share or use my email for purposes beyond/outside this study.) 	didn't immediately see a way to search for sounds based on simple text key tags... is this left out deliberately? 	definitely do this. encourage people to just play. maybe have different levels of engagement: casual playing, interested, serious sound nerd, professional, etc. 	definitely a cool concept. the previews of the samples provided in the browse view are much too brief. the default length is too short to discern anything. while the "play in context" is nice, there should also be an option to listen to a longer portion while still in the browse view. it would be valuable for the "play in context" to be a toggle, so that when it is selected a longer version of each sample will be played when it is selected (rather than the user having to press the button each time). it would also be valuable to be able to download individual samples from the browse view, rather than just the whole pack, so that users can download their desired samples immediately without having to seek them out again after they've been downloaded. it doesn't seem to be possible to move around the browse view without clicking and dragging (or by zooming in, which doesn't work especially well either), which causes all of the samples selected to be triggered as you move about - an alternative scrolling method should be provided (e.g. the view shifts as as the user moves their mouse, without clicking and dragging). 	couldn't hear any sound 	cool tool! i like the way you pan around a map of samples, color-coded by source. really cool interface for exploration. 	cool site! 	cool idea! i just don't sample that much. but, if i feel the need, i'll try and remember this site =) 	cool beans 	cool 	clicking/dragging to explore the array of samples is very disorienting, and the volume discrepancies between them make it an uncomfortable experience. i wish i could load samples from multiple sources in the browser's beat editor, or that i could be more selective/use longer samples. maybe i can and just didn't realize? the intro exercise was very disorienting, and i feel like i missed a lot of information at the start (for instance, am i able to download the entire source pieces or just the pre-rendered slices?). i love the idea behind this though, and would love to see it become as accessible as possible in the near future! 	certain buttons were obscured by the persistent action button in portrait view on my iphone. i love this idea, though! it’s an awesome way to introduce simple remixing to a wide audience. 	can't tell if it is not possible or if i am doing something wrong but i wish i could save/download the recordings made on the website. 	bug: the .wav files created by the remix recorder are unreadable on my computer (os x . . ). feature request: i'd like to be able to 'favorite' individual sounds clips, so i can collect interesting sounds as i browse the collection. feedback: awesome idea. great work. thanks. 	browsing the samples looks cool but the click/drag interface makes it hard to navigate purposefully. 	brilliant brian! 	being able to use more than one sound type in the beat maker would be helpful because i often want to hear how sounds work together, rather than just separately. 	being able to choose the slices/samples from the extracts would be immensely powerful. 	be nice if there's a search button to search for a specific person and timeline to focus on the year your interested in. 	awesome!!! you are so cool for making this!!! draconian copyright laws are the main reason i stopped sampling. thanks for helping bring back the golden age! 	awesome! what an amazing project. thank you so much, best of luck! 	awesome project! 	awesome 	audio problems! i couldn’t hear the samples that i selected but could hear the video demo. 	audio playback didn’t seem to work on mobile safari (ios). some issues with resizing on mobile as well. overall it was easy to navigate and explore. super cool idea! 	an android app maybe? 	amazing resources, but i didn't know the steps to take. maybe a simple guide to follow? i wasn't familiar with the beat/drum machine choices; maybe some descriptors? greta idea. i think my students may enjoy it. keep up the good work! 	amazing initiative and will most likely help revolutionise the upcoming waves of music sampling. it is a pleasure to being able to use such work pieces from the library of congress. many thanks. [pii redacted] 	amazing idea with a lot of great content. the sounds were a little difficult to navigate with how the mouse interacts with the library. also with the samples being pre chopped in such short snippets. 	advertise this more! very cool. lots of fun for everyone cooped up. 	add a "manual" mode that doesn't need to start with a defined beat pattern, 	actually a really solid tool, would be nice if there was an easier way to clip things together, perhaps a clip board to click and highlight various tracks to hold onto, then could click to play around with them and flick back and forth between browsing and mixing. overall very pleased with the tool, realize it's not really meant to be the tool you actually use to create final music, but need that "live playground" so you don't just end up downloading everything 	absolutely blown away. it’s fantastic. just so happy that you have done this! i can’t thank you enough. 	a text search engine, if possible, would be great. i couldn't figure out how to find the interview by bb king. 	a text based search option would be nice, especially if samples or recordings are tagged with with topics. one sample has a girl talking about a spaceship. searching for "space" or "spaceship" could pull that up. the samples did load slowly when loading the visual library. the remix option, if intended to allow for actual track creation, should allow, somehow, using multiple samples (or i didn't see a way to do that). 	a search tool may come in handy for returning to something you remember a keyword about. i got a sense i may be able to combine different tracks but i don't know how to do it. very cool content though. some of the old stuff it was cool to go listen to the original too. 	a pan l/r function on the remixer somehow, would be great. that was fun, great work ;) 	a fantastic idea, and i'm very impressed with how well executed it was. 	a bit wonky using it on a mobile browser. when using the remix function, it didn’t use the screen real estate well. 	a better font, more simpler, to keep the website fresh 	 ) in the explore section, some of samples are mislabelled (wrong timestamps given). given that some of the source files are an hour+ long, it makes finding the bit you liked nearly impossible. for instance, there's a sample called: "off the record interview with ellie greenwich, - - ( ) starting at : ". in the audio snippet that plays, she says, "i'm much more melody than music" – loved it. downloaded the mp , and found that she doesn't say that anywhere near : . listened to seconds total and gave up on finding that phrase. very disappointing. ) this is a huge problem for me: in the explore section, you have to hold down the left-mouse button to play audio. but that's also how you navigate (scroll the wall of samples up or down). so, nearly every time i hold down the mouse to listen to a sample, it'll scroll the page up or down. it's extremely frustrating, as previewing a sample is obviously one of the most basic and necessary functions of this site. ) when you hold down the mouse button, the audio snippet it plays is way too short. i get that it wouldn't make sense for it to play the *entire* source material from the beginning, but why not just have it play exactly the same audio that the "play in context" button does? the "play in context" snippet always seems to be a happy middle-ground, where it isn't super long but you can still tell whether you even want to use the sample. i don't even know how many dope samples i passed up – because i *have* to hit "play in context" to even know what the sample is. still, i love the intent, and there are some extremely unique and inspiring samples here. i will likely use this if the explore section is improved. 	 - more controls like panning - more drum sounds and to be able to load them individually - pitch control 	wow.. this is amazing.. will be definitely using some samples to make some dope beats.. 	would love keyboard navigation. arrow keys to scroll through and space too trigger? creating a temp 'bin' would be great too... just a way to build a list before diving into each one. 	would be nice to be able to download directly from the mix. being able to select samples from a large clip would be nice too. 	would be nice to be able to cherry pick select sounds and put them into a 'basket', then download those sounds as a custom sound pack. 	would be cool to begin to integrate multiple samples on the drum machine with different filters so that you can create harmonies etc 	work and consulate w/ hip hop producers like myself. it would help streamline and simplify the experience. i would give input of the different kind of music/sounds interested parties are passionatly searching for. i go by [redacted] thanks 	wonderful initiative! i'm incredibly excited to use it more! 	wonderful idea! 	will be a cool project once everything is flushed out 	why is it call cititzen dj when the site is about production and beats? i’m a touring dj with years under my belt. imo it has doesn’t have much to do with djing at all. beats... sure. not djing. 	when i am browsing from the large library of sounds that is color coded and i find a sound i like, it appears i can only download it as an mp . the humongous sample packs can be downloaded as wavs so it would be nice for the individual sounds to have the option to be downloaded as wavs as well. 	what i first heard about this project was that it aimed, among other goals, to provide "new" material to inspire musicians to start a new golden age of music sampling, and after seeing it in action, i think this is a total game-changer and i can't wait to share this widely around my library, among staff and patrons. thank you so much for making this amazing content freely available and easily accessible. 	what a fantastic project. loved the interface. i'm a year old aussie from adelaide, australia. been a musical fan of artists who sample for a long time. currently a primary school teacher and i believe my students would find this fascinating. i introduced them to ableton's learning webpages recently and they loved that. best of luck with this project. historical :) 	well done! 	website could use a little work, but overall an amazing idea 	very well conceived and presented. thanks. 	very interesting format and the variety of sound samples is fantastic. i like the spectrum of sounds where you can scroll through and hear the clips. it might be easier to collect sequential clips if they were grouped together in sequence? the remix machine is cool and i enjoyed arranging the sounds with a beat. the bpm slider is also very interesting. this is my first time using the software/ resource so i'm sure with a greater experience of it i would find it more familiar to navigate. thanks for providing this sample library i'm sure i will utilise it for my music productions. i am using ableton live so i can manipulate the sample within the daw. 	very cool program to bring history to life in a new way 	very cool idea, well executed. 	understanding the interface was a bit of a small huddle (zooming in and out). i really liked the feature of using legacy drum machines to help spur on creativity. nice job. i would definitely use the feature when it comes out of beta testing. i would test again if asked. :-) 	truly appreciative of gaining access to such a wide library of free sounds! couldn't be more ecstatic 	truly amazing. 	tools were easier to play with and understand than the tutorial instructions. this is really freaking cool. thank you! 	to expand on me saying that i disagree with the statement that citizen dj is for me, in this case the "me" is "someone who produces music", and though i still found the 'built-in' workflow of citizen dj useful and enjoyable, i think there's a natural limit in that usecase - and honestly, i think that limit is fine! that limit is what makes this project accessible to a wider range of musical abilities, which is far more important than making this the perfect production tool when most producers would likely be more than happy to see citizen dj as a sketching and planning tool to then download samples from to build from. i also wanted to suggest that it might be valuable to enable a way for users to search for recordings directly, as it is often the historical or contextual significance of a sound that makes it a valuable sample. i don't know that the wor archive is going to be included in the 'full' citizen dj release so this is very much a hypothetical, but for example i know that there's a good chance that belle baker's performance of all of me is in that archive, and since i know the date that performance was broadcast on wor if that archive was accessible through citizen dj i would be appreciative of a way to find the samples of that recording outside dragging my cursor around until i stumbled across it (with the caveat that i only think this feature would be a positive addition if it feels like it makes sense to the purpose of the tool of making creative sampling of these sounds accessible) 	to be blunt, i'm just not sure this is how people look for sounds. why am i remixing tiny snippets of a bb king interview into a beat? is there a way i can scrub through the idea to find excerpts that i want to use, and if not, why am i stuck with the pre-determined snippets? the sound browser is an interesting idea, but again, i'm stuck with tiny snippets of a sound. is this intended for people looking for sounds to sample? a half-second excerpt with a color-coded waveform spectral graph is not helpful. instrument types, genres, are more helpful. 	this was a fantastic experience. a truly amazing tool. thank you, [redacted] 	this site, when made really usable, will be amazing!! 	this looks really cool. i'm excited about exploring it further and seeing how i can incorporate it into my content. 	this looks excellent - looking forward to diving into this 	this is super cool! i already referred it to someone before i started this tour. my crappy internet connection made things a bit slow, if only there was a governmental organization that could do something about it... 	this is really useful, thank you for starting this! i'm wondering whether i can combine different sounds here, or whether i can just get small clips that i'll have to combine on another platform. 	this is really promising and inspired, excited to see where this goes, good work! 	this is really cool. this is the sort of shit i pay taxes for! seriously, good work. it's nice to see the united states government giving a shit about hip hop and peoples access to free sounds. i'm gonna keep coming back to this site for stuff to feed my samplers. i was thinking about how the library of congress has so much stuff the other day (i made a beat out of reefer madness a while ago) i'm very excited to learn someone already dove into it and sliced samples for me. 	this is pretty amazing thank you 	this is one of the coolest things i've seen in a long time. i have a feeling i will get hours of enjoyment and inspiration from this. i will also send the link to some of my friends and i have no doubt that great music will be created using these tools. thanks, eric j dubowsky 	this is one of rare extremely impressive examples of how the internet and foremost people with a great vision make it easy to explore and be creative with a wealth of information, that has never been so easily obtainable and enjoyable before in the history of humankind. thanks to everyone involved! 	this is incredible!!! 	this is great, thank you! 	this is great idea and execution! thank you! 	this is excellent work. many thanks to everyone involved. the site is easy to use. the resource is fascinating artistically and historically. the in-browser remixing tool is great for getting a sense of what the samples might sound like in the context of a popular genre. as a web application developer, i would also remark that the ui/ux satisfies all the criteria that really matter. the interface is effective, minimal, and intuitive. i would suggest only one substantial change. i think there should be a minimal fuzzy search widget in the nav, that is, it should be visible in every view. the reason i make this suggestion is that the explore view takes a long time to load on all but the best internet connections and search is an almost universal ui/ux feature that most users expect to see at first glance. 	this is dope. good work! 	this is awesome! 	this is an extremely important and worthwhile undertaking. i uncovered this effort on twitter, i believe, and experimented on my iphone. i did not give the highest remarks because it was harder to navigate the app on the phone. today, i am on my desktop and i love what is being presented. it is easy to navigate and i am excited for what i will be able to do once the initiative is in full swing.thank you! 	this is an excellent artistic and educational tool and an innovative and mission-driven application of the library of congress' resources. i originally launched the study on my iphone. while the citizen dj tool was working, the study function was not properly operating. when i launched the study from my laptop using firefox, the study functioned smoothly and i was able to complete it. 	this is an amazing thing you are doing. citizen dj i hope will bring back the love of sampling for a new generation. i would like to be a part of this anyway i can. i am a producer and artist. i do recommend to stack this library as much as you can with all types of sounds and recordings. the more a person has to choose from the more creative they can be and will bring them back. 	this is an amazing site, with amazing tools. tremendously exciting stuff. thank you to the loc for putting this together and making it available to the public. 	this is an amazing project and very useful tool. many thanks for your efforts. 	this is an amazing and valuable resource for any hip hop producer, and i'm sure lots of other creators. i was definitely a little confused about how to browse the library of recordings but i think i will understand it better by exploring more. 	this is amazing. thank you. 	this is a very great tool. i am a teacher which is a great source for information to use in the classroom. however, i am also a musician and music producer so this is an extremely helpful resource for material. thank you once again for creating this. 	this is a very good site for producers who enjoy sampling and are afraid of being sued. 	this is a really great tool that has opened up a lot of musical possibilities in my work! i love remixing spoken word and old music and this is a wealth of sounds that i am glad to have discovered. the sequencer application is easy to use and intuitive and great for previewing samples. what would take it to the next level would be the ability to be able to easily move within the sample by typing in a timecode or visualizing the waveform. thanks so much for putting this together, i will definitely return to this site again and again! 	this is a great thing. could be made a bit more searchable from the main page. i can search from within the free music archive for example, but not form the mix page. excellent - the whole world's archives should be available in this way. 	this is a great idea! 	this is a great idea i feel you would need a group of producers from ranges of fans from small to big on the staff to increase awareness of the library and citizen dj. a lot of people do not know this exist. 	this is a fantastic resource not only for creatives, but for researchers and students alike. thank you for creating this service. 	this hella dope bro 	these samples should be made available on soundcloud or resulting creations should be uploaded and supported on soundcloud. 	there didn't seem to be a place where the limitation of the remix was stated. it looks like only items can be on a beat at at time. 	the workflow is too convoluted. it would be great to search the dna view and be able to either bookmark certain samples in that view or be able to save them (like putting items in a wish list or shopping cart). that way you can grab the samples you need first then move to beat-making or downloading for use in your daw, mpc, etc.. i would also like a search bar at the top of each collection so that you could search by genre, artist name, year, hashtag, and so on. otherwise it is an awesome resource and i will be making use of it as early as today! thank you! 	the way the sounds are visually arranged in a format similar to photo apps from apple and google is kind of strange. its like a random experience clicking on the images. maybe that's the point, but for artists\ musicians looking for specific material there dosen't seem to be a way to narrow or define any search parameters one you are inside the main categories.. 	the tool is great and let's you creat a nice beat pretty fast. i feature i'd love: instead of mixing the sound to drums, sound on sound remixes, combining them would be a great feature, too. i would change the "play" button to a play symbol (triangle) it is confusing to have symbols and plain text buttons - for shuffle this makes sense of course. thanks for this tool, even for a non-native non-musician it is truly amazing. 	the step sequencer was unexpected. pretty neat to use, but realistically i just need a way to download a lot of samples in one go that i can pick through in my daw. 	the software is wonkie while using a mobile phone but i understand it’s a beta. loads of fun and inspiring. 	the site looks ok. not what i would call a 'modern' or 'up to date' website. looks like the early internet pages. however, the explore the collections was really nice. that was a modern approach right there. good work. it worked well to. but i have to admit that it could of used some simple instructions about how to get the sound you find into the remix. i figured it out. but others may not be able to figure it out and loose interest quickly and move on. which would be a shame as there appears to be a huge abundance of sounds there to use in music creation. 	the site is very addictive and does a good job of taking your rich clip library and automating the samples into the sequencer in a way that sounds good right off the bat. it's awesome that it outputs direct to wave so easily. my biggest issue was i wasn't sure if there was a way to actually select portions of a clip to input into the drum machine / sequencer, or if i had to just rely on the randomness of your algorithm (or preselected beats or whatever). overall a great way to interact with history, and i think you'd just need a few tweaks to make this a super powerful dj tool. it's really incredible you're doing this. 	the site is great. the sample browsing will be the best aspect of this endeavor over all. i wouldn't put too much time into the sequencing as everyone who is interested in that has much, much better tools to accomplish said goal. with that being said this will be a god send for the producer community over all. we are constantly looking for royalty free sounds and this is a great tool. thank you!! 	the site is counterintuitive in a lot of ways on mobile. on ipad mini and android (one plus ) tapping frequently zooms and the app slows. otherwise, this a fun app and i’m using it in a context simila to brian eno’s “oblique strategies” because i have a creative block. 	the site did not seem to work well with the safari browser. 	the sampler/sequencer could use some more complexity, for instance changing the lenght of the sample played (duration longer than / h of a step) or being able to combine different samples in one groove... still fun though thanks 	the online remix tool is a little confusing. as a music producer i did not find it useful but think other people not familiar with music production might find it fun. the sound browser is interesting. will definitely use this site more. thank you for sharing. 	the navigation and overall look of the website is pretty outdated. most producers would probably be okay finding the samples they need but it's not the most user friendly with ctas that say play instead of displaying a play button on certain pages. the concept is very cool and very helpful though! 	the mosiac picture idea for the music is neat, but maybe different colors are to do with tone of sound, or historical period, or topic etc. like music is represented reds, talk, blues. 	the mosaics for the collections is absolutely beautiful. i would just like to see more artist and track info on the same page, and the ability to download the original recording from the same page. today, i found there were too many page redirects to have a fluid experience. 	the interface where you drag your mouse to find a sound is not very easy to use. 	the interface is a bit clunky and unintuitive. it would be great if i could search specific terms and/or tags and filter sounds using those. the remix tool athough neat is not that efficient and elegant. it should have a dedicated volume fader. 	the explore tab never loaded. we have a very fast internet connection. it got up to % loaded once, but that was as high as it got, and it got stuck at some point every time. 	the colour coded short clips don't make it easy to find anything if i have a specific kind of sound i want to find. 	that was fun, thank you -tomp my work... https://open.spotify.com/artist/ hclqqhqlj kpzmrqnl v?si=gwozz _eqeg wzu f zuag 	thanx ! 	thanks! 	thanks! 	thanks bro 	thank your for creating this site and putting the resource into a modern, creative context and developing intuitive tools for browsing. this makes the library so much more useful and inviting for sampling musicians. such a priceless cultural treasure you have unlocked. 	thank you!! this is so cool!! 	thank you whoever built this. it looks like a lot of work and i feel more than blessed to stumble upon this. thank you for sharing this with the public and letting us access the archives. much obliged! 	thank you for this project and attempting to keep sampling alive 	thank you for the work you are doing, looking forward to growing with your product. 	thank you for taking the time to provide us with this gift. 	thank you 	suprised this is now available for music to use as background music in slide shows... 	super, smashing, great. 	super cool , thank you ! 	such a great source for royalty free content! great layout and thank you for the tutorial video in the beginning! 	streamline the site to be more visually appealing as well making the site more user friendly. 	sometimes i missed sounds or examples low or at the bottom of the page. maybe you could make the webpages shorter or add links / a buttonmenu halfway. do create / share a few tutorials on youtube. wishing you all the best and stay safe! 	some of it just seems kind of hard to use. like the grid of sounds that you drag the mouse over. i couldn't figure out how that should be used. i couldn't stop when i wanted to, or hear enough of anything to decide what to do. and if i did want to do something with one of the sounds, i couldn't figure out how to do... anything. the list works well. i wouldn't use the grid thing at all. i was looking for a way to load more than one sample into the beat mixer. and a way to load the sounds i downloaded from here into it. couldn't figure out if that's possible. not sure i'll ever use the beat mixer thing. overall, i'm just glad to see such a huge amount of free-to-use, free-to-sample audio. i'll definitely be checking back again, and looking forward to seeing the full launch in the summer. well done! 	some clips are too short to even use. 	show video demos of using download in an array of daw 	seems like a great resource! 	screen sizing on mobile safari browser is a little too large and hides the right and bottom elements. audio never played from my phone either while browsing or remixing. 	samples of five seconds or so would be more fun to incorporate. 	rough learning curve, but great content, and i'm sure i'll get better. 	response 	really cool project!! 	really cool - keep it up! 	provide more royalty sounds,music, etc. the more the better. 	page is kinda buggy 	once a sample is selected for remix, you are only able to work with that sample and the drums. you can change the sample from a drop down, but you cannot add additional samples to work with (one music, one interview, for example), at least, that wasn't immediately apparent to me. this would be a cool feature. 	not at this time 	nope 	none at this time 	no. 	no 	no 	no 	no 	no 	nice work!! i’ve been a sample digger for years and was highly influenced by the late s early s hip hop so this project is an incredible resource 	needs a search tool...could not find bb king interview 	n/a 	n o 	my first exposure to the site was by following the study. it seemed a bit confusing at first but made sense pretty quickly im still a bit unsure about the explore section and will dig into that some more. 	mostly i want to communicate how happy this tool makes me. there have been various resources for free-to-use sounds and public domain media for a long time, but they require somewhat archaic methods for searching through audio, downloading it, slicing it, cataloging it... a lot of effort before actually making something from it. the searching is quite separated from the inspiration. citizen dj drops you into beatmaking before you even know it's happening and that is a wonderful thing. the searching process with the grouped and sliced samples is also super fun and way faster than trawling through individual pages on some public domain site that only has full recordings. one thing that tripped me up a bit was not understanding that explore was only going to give me the very short pre-sliced samples. this was partially confusing because i didn't even know the tool was every going to give me pre-sliced samples, and part of the confusion was actually discovering the power of the tool itself, which is good. but i could imagine some users thinking the page was broken, so if there's a way to communicate what one is scrolling through i think it would help. i personally wanted to hear most of the samples in context, which the available button made pretty easy, but i wonder if holding down a sample should play it in context, as a way to explore even more quickly. for example, drag the cursor around to hear only the samples (which is the current behavior), but once you've stopped dragging and now you click, or click and hold, you hear the sample in context. the samples themselves weren't the most usable, though i appreciate the ai filtering process that went into choosing the samples, as described in the about section. given how short the samples are, i wonder if "explore" should actually be across all collections, and then you only get into the different collections themselves once you've chosen a specific sample to remix or learn more about. due to the nature of old recordings, the samples definitely suffer from a bit of uniformity. scrolling through all the samples wasn't quite as fun as i'd hoped because they're really really short and don't vary enough to make the groupings obvious. i'm not sure how to tweak the algorithm, but if it could search for slightly longer samples, or complete words, etc. that might be nice. i also wonder if some curated (maybe even celebrity-curated) sample sets would be popular. i'm thinking of the celebrity sample packs from splice, though you'd need a certain type of celebrity that would be willing to spend the time and to restrict themselves to this collection. curated sample packs could be a great way to further separate the wheaty samples from the chaff of samples that the algorithm thought were interesting. curated packs could also allow for longer excerpts to be highlighted, which i imagine would be harder for the ai. one of my absolute favorite things about old recordings is the talkboxes, the pithy little phrases said in old-fashioned accents that are actually used quite a bit in hip-hop. it would be great to have some of those isolated and available. if there were a way for users to mark samples they like, or mark extended clips (like talkboxes), you could get some crowdsourcing/upvoting going on which would be so cool. i think you'd have some rabid users (like me) that could basically be competing with the ai to find the true gems in this massive collection, and also engage with others around the samples themselves. this is a true opus of library science and hip-hop culture, thank you! also this work reminds me of the work that alex chen does as the director of the creative lab at google, lots of things with audio and ai with a special focus on engaging users in creating and exploring audio. i bet he's aware of this tool and i also bet he'd been interested in collaborating on it. 	more current beats from the 's and beyond 	mobile experience was surprisingly functional but not great. i am going to come back on desktop as soon as i am able. looks really intetesting. 	many of the one-shot vocal sounds seem like they were automatically sliced based on the transient. so for speech snippets, a word like "scapegoat" might get broken into multiple audio clips: "suh", "cuh", "ape", "go" and "t". not as usable for sampling. it'd be a hassle to slice audio clips by hand for the whole collection, but maybe you could add a feature to filter out any samples shorter than a set time (like a second) to make it easier for users to chop them up themselves. also, some of the drum machines could use an extra sample. like for the , you have a long kick sample, but no short kick. most hip-hop and rap uses both. not a huge deal, but the current form makes it less useful as a sketch tool. 	make the site easier to navigate and you are in good business. the dragging of the cursor to find sample clips is a little buggy. 	make the online interface easy to use. for someone who had never been to the site before navigating through the menu to find what i was asked to do was very difficult. 	make the kick and snare louder by default and turn down and shorten the length of the ride and crash cymbals. 	make a search option easier to find. 	loved the site and the concept. i experienced some scaling issues on my ipad air . in the sound browser/scrubber the play, mix, etc buttons at the bottom we’re mostly off screen. had to resize screen to see every time i went back to the browser loved listening to old interviews and music clips 	love this!!! so cool and incredibly inspirational. thank you! 	love the use of the material but it was hard to find certain things (no search filter) and it was a tad confusing. but i like it so far! 	love the data visualization feature. the format here is new to me, and highly creative. it was the most difficult part to understand though. would be great to have a more intuitive ui/ux. what an incredible resource and application to make available for artists/musicians. the drum machines & online remix tools was an unexpected surprise. an innovative to immediately spark ideas! thank you! 	love the concept, very well done! you have gone through a lot of effort to put this together and it is much appreciated! my only complaint is there is not as many beat patterns toward my genre of music (house, techno, upbeat disco), and it would be nice to have all instruments on the drum machines available but just not populated. thank you! 	love the concept, thank you for working on this. 	love it - would be great to get a drag and drop interface to collect sounds, when i hit the remix it button it did not seem to add it to the remix - could be part of the prototype. also a hot swap button would be cool so as you are working if you want to try something out without making the commitment you would be able to tell what it would sound like. 	looking forward to using this! 	just started playing with it so not much to say yet, but if it had easy integration with popular daw and recording software that would be cool (ableton, gargeband, pro tools, logic, etc). maybe it does, like i said just getting started with it. thanks for making this. pretty cool idea! 	just needs more polish! great so far 	just a great resource - thank you 	its nice thanks 	itbwas hard to do and wjen you found sounds you couldn't read what the audio was from because of the options. 	it’s was cool! other than making the features better for mobile it was awesome as hell. all of these compressed files are great to be able to have at your fingertips. 	it's an amazing project. thank you for your service! 	it'd be cool to be able to combine samples from multiple sources. as is it's a pretty simple (but fun) toy. 	it would help people to have some sort of filter for browsing the individual section. however i'm sure you guys re working on that. super cool site and tool! 	it would be nice if the beat loop created could be easily downloaded 	it would be nice if i could download the remix i created on the site as a single file. if it was possible to do that, it was not obvious how. additionally, i was exploring using a cellphone so perhaps the desktop interface is better and probably logically so give the limited memory available for downloading music files on a cellphone 	it would be ideal to have a bass channel in the sequencer, at least one octave or one tenth. 	it would be fun to make this more social, and interactive. perhaps there is a way to have people browse collection items and pull their own digital sound samples for use, and reuse by others. crowd sourcing the actual sound bites by encouraging people to browse the archives could be interesting and would allow for that vibe of digital crate digging. 	it wasn't entirely clear what the forward and backward buttons next to each sample on either side of the play button do. it would be nice to have more control over individual samples (starting point and length, longer would be nice) without affecting the others. otherwise it's an amazing tool, thank you 	it wasn't clear to me what the scope of the sampling should be via the remix tool in that i only seem to be able to sample one source sound at a time, and only one small segment of that sound instead of picking several different points from an overall source. i think this is how it was intended but also felt like i might be missing a step. 	it seems very comprehensive. i love it! 	it is easy, it is fun, and even in this beta version has enough variety that you could spend a lifetime using it as a source of inspiration… thank you so much for this creation! 	it could do with optimizing for mobile phone (cell phone) use. 	is it possible to combine many different 'sound bites'? i experienced selecting 'sound bite' and 'mixing' it with other sounds. is it possible to combine from different 'collections' to create a 'remix'? 	is it possible to combine clips from multiple sources in the remix player? it seemed as though while there were multiple clips from the same source, it wasn't possible to pull clips from multiple tracks or collections into one remix. it would also be nice to be able to expand clips beyond the durations given. 	interesting project. thanks. 	inspirational, great fun, a bit overwhelming. 	incredible work on many levels. and just what i need to inspire me to get back in to making music! congratulations! 	incredible application. i guess the only downer which there may be no way around is the lack of staple hip hop sounds like soul and funk bass and guitar. citizen dj is incredible but may ultimately be limited by old timey samples. 	include bpms with the music included on the songs available. options for the format to download 	ii think the sampling playback is kind of weird... i already use a daw and samples, not quite in this way even. 	if there was a way to integrate multiple samples into the step sequencer to layer or to rearrange as opposed to using just one sample layered over a drum machine at different pitches, that'd be cool. 	i'm unlikely to share citizen dj because i don't tend to share any websites with other people, not because there's anything inherently wrong with the website. 	i'm really excited about the kind of stuff i'll find and be able to use. 	i'm just amazed that someone can create something so enjoyable for people to use. 	i would like to change the sample clips so that come from different items. 	i would like to be able to combine samples from different origins to create a single "remix". 	i was using on mobile, and i get the feeling its a much better experience on a computer. 	i was unable to hear any audio from the website but will try again on desktop i accessed the site via safari web browser on an iphone running ios . . thank you 	i was surprised about how fully functional it was. i assumed that you would have to grab sounds and put them into my own audio tools. 	i want the raw files. i will edit them on my own software 	i thought the collection was really cool and loved the visual aspect, but found it difficult to navigate and to figure out what i was doing, or how to remix the sounds. 	i think this is great, especially for us producers who don’t wanna pay huge fees to sample music and listen to some great material also 	i think this is a really cool idea. the ux is there but the ui makes it harder to use than it should. it feels more like a website page when it needs to be more ui focused. 	i think this is a great project, with plenty of interesting resources and pretty easy to use, even for newbies of music production, or content creation in general. also, i feel this is a huge accomplishment by the open source and creative commons universe, as it shares an incredible quantity of high-quality audio material with everyone who could use it for school projects, instrumentals and essays. thanks for bringing this idea to life! 	i think that users will need a bit more prompting on how to search for people. i was toggling back and forth between loc collection and interview pages as well as playing with the pitch to actually find the clip in the data visualization. but i always want more metadata and search options. 	i think it's interesting, but it was presented to me as something a little different. ambitious, but i wasn't very inspired by the ultra-short oneshots. i'm also on a inch macbook, so the screen isn't very big. 	i think it'd be nice, in the remix/beat pattern programme, to be able to use samples from multiple sources, rather than just one sample with chops. also would be nice to be able to save beat patterns. i really love it though. the sounds available are great. 	i think it should be more interactive so children are able to understand it easily. 	i think it might be helpful to categorize the samples even further perhaps based on whether they are vocal samples or instrument samples. 	i stumbled across this quite by accident. how can it be more widely distributed. the loc and its links are great. 	i really love this project and i'm very excited to play around with it more. the ability to create a beat online is very nice! an option to automatically record just exact bar (or multiples of one bar) of music, instead of hitting "stop" and editing the exported clip later on to make the timing right, would make it much more efficient for creating loops to use in a daw. 	i really like the idea of the website, but the execution leaves a bit to be desired. selecting several sounds from the large palette evaded me the entire time, and once i moved to the remix tab it auto-populated with maybe one of the samples that i had listened to and three other random ones. however, having the ability to play the samples with a variety of classic drum machines is very cool and inspiring. if the website improves a bit and becomes more streamlined, i imagine many people will love to use it. 	i really like it because it is fun and you can make your own of music 	i really enjoyed using the soundboard, but i was also very frustrated because it seemed buggy and not fully fleshed out—putting notes too close together causes stutter in the playback, sometimes the drum segments just wouldn't play at all, and even after experimenting with them for a while, i have no idea what the "arrow" buttons next to the sound names are supposed to do (the play button and the "info" button are obvious, but the "go to next/prev sample/dum sequence" buttons make no sense, i must have pressed those buttons dozens of times trying to figure out what they're supposed to do and i still have no clue. the pop-over text doesn't help me understand either, because i have no idea what the "next" or "previous" would be in this context.) 	i only dipped into one collection, american dialect. there was a rainbow of samples that moved around through space and time, which was chaotic and random. i bet there is a way to do some more accurate searching and i just need to find it. 	i noticed slight bugs on the "remix" step sequencer. . certain sounds stopped triggering depending on what step they were on - (the channels were not muted before you ask! lol). but on certain steps the audio clip would not trigger. this seemed to be in combination to other sounds selected and had a relation to where i had placed the drums elsewhere on the grid. this is not a major issue for me personally as i would only use this as a quick test pad and would fully sketch out ideas in a sampler/daw but for those just starting this could be an issue. the step sequencer idea is a beautiful one and i think you have implemented the simplicity of getting the selected sample in there quickly very well. . when on the library of sounds it is very cool how you have snippets you can drag the mouse over. when i heard certain sounds that caught my ear i found myself wanting to hear the full recording. i noticed the hear in context button which is very nice. however, i feel like an option to say right-click the sample could maybe load it into a player at the bottom and allow you to scrub through the whole thing??? i dont like how you have to navigate to another page or download the sample to listen to the full thing. it would be nice if you could do that from the main sample library page. okay, i hope that feedback is useful. it must be hard having a million critics. so i just want to highlight that, i am being critical. i am very impressed overall with the site and will definitely be using this. you have contributed to hip-hop in a very meaningful way. i can feel it. 	i need to explore a little bit more, but it wasn't obvious to me how the rhythms and sample slices were generated when i went into the remix window. i am a producer, so i understood what i was seeing, just now sure why slices where dropped in the rhythms they were dropped in (was it random?). really cool project, though! 	i loved it. this was the most fun i've had in a long time. can't wait to use the sounds in my own creations. wonderful and great work. 	i love this idea! it's my understanding that i'm free to use these sounds as i'd like, but it'd be nice if that were more explicit. 	i love the concept however i wish the site was a little more user friendly. 	i like this resource very much! thank you! 	i like the concept. the first question of which i clicked "task completed" really it was aborted per i couldn't figure out how to pick sounds (maybe user error). i would have to read more to see what i can do. i want royalty free content. i disagreed to coming back; however, i may. i want to see if i can find the quality of sound i'm looking for which i know we're at the mercy of the tools given that i don't blame citizen dj for. i respect what you have and hope to see it work past the beta phase. 	i like that it lets you hear part of the sample with a beat - but it feels like its a limited function (or hard to use) so i just use it as a tool to look for samples primarily (since i can preview them easily on the explore page) 	i like it 	i hope this feedback is construed as constructive, not critical - i loved this, but there are a few areas i think could be improved slightly. some items that i thought were clickable weren't (home page, three boxes explaining what this site/tool can do), images within boxes below, etc. when on the page where you can click to drag and browse sounds, when i first saw it, i didn't know where to drag. the partially-opaque overlay containing the `drag to browse` text (or whatever it said) obscured the small squares behind it so i wasn't aware that i could drag this view. in hindsight, it was super-obvious, though. on this same "browse" page, the dropdown at the top where you select the source didn't change arrow orientation when the dropdown was open. when dragging to explore the samples, the movement wasn't that easy to control. when previewing a sample that was not in the middle of the screen, the view would slowly continue moving and so after a short period of time, the sample would change to one i didn't intend to preview. this is a tricky one to solve from a ux perspective, though! overall, it's a properly useful and inspirational tool - props to the team who put it together! 	i have already posted it to social media and texted my friends and family to show them how awesome this is. please expand upon this project as i will continue to use it and would love to see a greater collection and diversity of sounds and features in the future 	i happened upon you by chance. you should advertise this more! what an amazingly educating and creative tool. bravo! 	i had to go to the loc website to find the bb king interview. i wasn't sure if that was "ok" but i did it anyway. i was wondering if it were possible to assemble multiple samples when making a beat. if that were possible, it wasn't intuitive to me how to go about doing it. 	i had no problem finding sounds and modifying them, turning elements on and off, etc, but i couldn’t figure out how to save my modified sample and string it together with others to create a new piece or song. perhaps the goal is to make the user learn by trial and error? a little more documentation of the actual procedures for recording, saving, combining clips would allow people to start creating art of substance more quickly. inspiration, not frustration. doesn’t have to be long and laborious explanation - just a few brief demos of how to work with the materials, basic principles. otherwise, fascinating site and project.. 	i had a really hard time completing the first task, but as soon as i clicked "abandon task," i was taken the right page. as someone who knows nothing about remixes, i wish there was a guide to what all the boxes and colors meant. 	i found the task of finding a b.b. king interview to be challenging because citizen dj does not appear to have a search feature. i had to open the right collection, click browse & download, then use by browser's find feature. surely citizen dj should have a keyword search. 	i found the first two tasks pretty easy and very fun - especially task # where you can create something of your own by picking a beat that fits your impression of the sound clip. the third task stumped me for a while until i figured out how to access the alphabetical list of interviews and found bb king. a couple of other things frustrated me: why not have a link attached to the short description of the clip at the bottom of the screen so you can go directly to the full source without getting out and searching for it? although maybe it's already there someplace and i just missed it. also, i wasn't sure if you could use this tool to mix an entire - minute song, for example, or if it's just limited to very short clips that you'd have to then use some other software to connect to other clips/sounds. finally, i kept wondering about the significance of the colors in the sound cloud (or whatever it's called) - are they different categories? if there was some organization embedded i totally missed it. overall cool app! 	i found it difficult to control cursor movement in the browsing interface. when i move the mouse rapidly, the panel seems to acquire a lot of momentum and is difficult to stop. 	i enjoyed this visit. and appreciate what this is doing for art and history. i will be back again. 	i enjoyed doing the study because i'm a bit under the weather (not covid!!) and i wanted to challenge myself and see if i could figure it out. i'm not a tech person and have never used a soundboard but it all seemed to make sense and it was easy to figure out the prompts on the first try. wonderful!! 	i didn't realize at first that the multiple tracks at the top were different snippits of the selected sample. 	i did it on a iphone. will try again on laptop 	i did find it difficult to find three different source materials and then apply them to one of the available tracks. once i would locate a source material all available tracks would be filled with that clip. i was also challenged by adding or subtracting tracks. great idea! really, it is really good. 	i could not find a search function to look up that bb king interview, though i did find the collection that was all interviews. the word "collection:" next to the dropdown with the different collections looks like the first tab in a two-tab menu. i hit it multiple times. i'd like the /remix/ drum machine to either have twice as many beats, or maybe a sequencer that allowed for four measures of beats each. awesome, will use again. 	i believe we could have a easier to use interface, i think the current one has a interesting layout, which i have like to use a lot, but i think it is not very effecient if you are in a hurry, having a possibility to find samples on a more tradicional filtering tool such as a written alphabetic cathalog, would be also a good tool. 	i believe this could be a very valuable resource for creatives. 	i am working on an ipad and it was not so easy to navigate the sound palate. but the general idea of this website is percent awesome and the resource is worth the frustration of the interface. 	i am looking forward to how this will grow! thank you for making this available. i would like to be able to select different instruments from the various packs instead of having to choose a whole different set of instruments. also, i would like to be able to choose to play the whole sample as instrument or have it chopped ( some of those interviews were great and would sound good with a beat behind the interview). lastly, adding some pitch control would be fun! thanks again! 	how can you record on iphone? 	hello, my name is rage beat$, i'm a french music producer. i heard about your platform in an article this morning and thought the idea was great to have free access to thousands of historical resources to create music. i tried the test and almost everything is perfect! we can easily find the type of content we are looking for. the only thing i would have is when you scroll on a certain part to zoom in it zoom from the middle, not where the cursor is, and sometime i lost a specific sound. also maybe longer context previews. except that it is awesome, i'm definitely using it for my work. a great thank you for this amazing project 	having to drag around the sounds didn't seem particularly useful. if you drag even a little bit more than just barely moving the mouse there's too much noise to be able to tell stuff apart, and trying to precisely click on each waveform is not worth it when i can just find the list of samples and listen one by one that way. looks cool though. 	great work! inspirational! thank you. 	great use of archived materials. brilliant way to expose people to what’s available. 	great site and service. 	great resource! 	great project!! 	great project - i am a software developer at akai and have just shared it at work, i'm sure many of my co-workers will be very into this! it would be nice to be able to download an entire loop without using the record button. cheers! 	great idea, very useful implementation! 	great idea, great site! (had one tab crash when looking at historical material) 	great idea for a website. it should inspire a lot of people 	fun! i like that there are pre-programmed drum beats that can be modified. 	fun! 	fun! 	findin samples was simple - the tools were replay confusing. 	feedback survey: “rate” answers hard to use on iphone. also this feedback box breaks if you go back and try to edit the middle of your answer, cursor keeps jumping to end. bug in sound browser on mobile safari: you have to scroll down to get to the buttons (like “remix this”), themselves weirdly aligned, and once you scroll the page the highlighting box no longer lines up with the touch events. very cool though, nice project! 	fantastic work! thanks!! 	fantastic resource, thank you so much for making it available 	excellent idea! 	didn't love the interface to find music/clips. i did like the remix section and would be interested in exploring that further. seems like a really fun concept overall. 	cool, thanks government 	cool site! i think a slight learning curve to explore and figure out the remix interface (i've never done anything like this before), but then it generally makes sense. one thing i couldn't find - how can i download full sample i made? 	cool browsing function (dragging cursor over sounds), but a search function would be good too, where i can enter text into a search box (for instance, to find b.b. king interview). also, it'd be nice to layer multiple clips on the remix page instead of just one at a time. 	cool 	clips from other countries. 	can i get from a sound in "explore" to the full sound? i didn't see that option readily. 	browsing the sounds in that big grid looks nice but doesn't seem practical for actually finding a sound. i also don't understand how to import sounds from multiple sources to the beat maker. i hope in the future it allows for longer patterns, looping, and layering of sounds from multiple sources. 	brilliant 	better interface (design) 	awesome! can’t wait to see the final product! 	amazing. very organized and simple to use. the remix tools were unexpected and very surprising. extremely interesting and useful project/website. 	amazing tool, i will definitely use this. testing today was on my phone but i'll return on the computer because sizing was an issue. the buttons "remix this" and others overlapped the recording title, hiding it completely if it was a short title. even so, it was easy to see the site's utility. 	amazing resource, came across it last night looking for inspiration for my music students. incredible! much love from new zealand 	amazing and so awesome, i feel so inspired!!! 	amazing 	add a search bar. for new users, this may help if the offered categories aren't a way to search that they're used to, or they can't easily find what they're looking for. for returning users, it may be difficult to find sounds you'd discovered previously; and as we use the site and get a feel for what types of sounds are where, the search bar can actually help navigate this understanding quicker/better. additionally, searching "piano" can show results from all the categories that have piano sounds, rather than having to search through each category individually. 	absolutely loving it so far! you made me feel like a composer in a matter of seconds :d great work brian, can't wait for the launch. 	ability to add more drum parts and have longer vocal samples in the remix tool 	a wonderful initiative and a great way to generate interest in american culture - both past and present. this is a tool that i am sure will help the loc engage a wider audience, and build awareness of the vast cultural resources that available to the public. 	a way to stop the excerpt would be useful - instead of having to wait for it to play through. 	a very cool tool that i look forward to exploring and using to create sounds for my own work. big thanks to brian foo for developing this! 	a tutorial on how to add and mix multiple samples would be very helpful. thanks for this!! 	a search field in the filter. if put in a word or an instrument. it can narrow down the results. and if you could reload the explore field after i put in a filter to fit everything on the screen so i don't have to scroll up and down would be helpful as well 	a good addition would be an online tool to generate and download parts of the full recordings to create custom samples directly in the browser. eg on the page with the full sample you can set a precise start and end point then download the audio sample. overall this is an excellent project to promote exploration and use of a treasure trove of audio recordings. 	🤪 	<p>do you have any more feedback you&# ;d like to share about your experience with citizen dj today?</p> 	i intend to use open source music to score my own work. this makes it hard to get the raw files 